Relax. Nothing is under control.
I live by letting things happen.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
You are exactly where you need to be.
Only the hand that erases can write the true thing.
Before enlightenment; chop wood, carry water. After enlightenment; chop wood, carry water.
Who you are is always right.
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness.
The resistance to the unpleasant situation is the root of suffering.
Education breeds confidence. Confidence breeds hope. Hope breeds peace. 
Still your waters.
Rest and be kind, you do not have to prove anything.
If a warrior is not unattached to life and death, he will be of no use whatsoever.
The mind of the beginner is empty, free of the habits of the expert, ready to accept, to doubt, and open to all the possibilities.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
The noble-minded are calm and steady. Little people are forever fussing and fretting.
Empty your mind, be formless. Shapeless, like water. If you put water into a cup, it becomes the cup. You put water into a bottle and it becomes the bottle. You put it in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Now, water can flow or it can crash. Be water, my friend.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present.
Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?
Everything that happens to you is a form of instruction if you pay attention.
I do not mind what happens. That is the essence of inner freedom.
Relax. Nothing is missing.
Where can I find a man who has forgotten words so I can talk with him?
Forget the years, forget distinctions. Leap into the boundless and make it your home.
Life is a balance of holding on and letting go.
When we discover that the truth is already in us, we are all at once our original selves.
When one first seeks the truth, one separates oneself from it.
Peace of mind is that mental condition in which you have accepted the worst.
Do not seek, do not search, do not ask, do not knock, do not demand - relax.
Wherever you are, be there totally.
Life is not as serious as the mind makes it out to be.
And when they played they really played. And when they worked they really worked.
Do not seek the truth, only cease to cherish your opinions.
One loses joy and happiness in the attempt to possess them.
Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun.
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.
Every experience is a lesson. Every loss is a gain.
Let go, or be dragged. 
What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others.
When you realize nothing is lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
In Zen we have no gurus.
Zen is an effort to become alert and awake.
Zen teaches nothing; it merely enables us to wake up and become aware. It does not teach, it points.
Zen in it is essence is the art of seeing into the nature of one's being, and it points the way from bondage to freedom.
The practice of Zen is forgetting the self in the act of uniting with something.
The true purpose [of Zen] is to see things as they are, to observe things as they are, and to let everything go as it goes.
Zen practice is to open up our small mind.
Zen is not a religion. There is no room for a cult. There is no dependence on a teacher. There is only learning how to use your own mind and making it strong.
Zen teaches that if we can open up to the inevitability of our demise, we can begin to transform and lighten up about it.
Zen is a liberation from time. For if we open our eyes and see clearly, it becomes obvious that there is no other time than this instant, and that the past and the future are abstractions without any concrete reality.
Zen is a path of liberation. It liberates you. It is freedom from the first step to the last. You are not required to follow any rules; you are required to find out your own rules and your own life in the light of awareness.
Zen is not some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual everyday routine.
Zen is not an art, it is not a religion. it is a realization. 
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
If you chase two rabbits, you catch none.
Do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment.
To study Buddhism is to study ourselves. To study ourselves is to forget ourselves.
Treat every moment as your last. It is not preparation for something else.
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's mind there are few.
The only Zen you can find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as if nothing is a miracle. The other is as if everything is a miracle.
Give a bowl of rice to a man and you will feed him for a day. Teach him how to grow his own rice and you will save his life.
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
The first and the best victory is to conquer self.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
All know the way, but few actually walk it.
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.
The essence of the Way is detachment.
To seek is to suffer. To seek nothing is bliss.
Not creating delusions is enlightenment.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Words diminish meanings; these words included.
The more you know, the less you need.
Do not be afraid to just sit and watch.
Act without expectation.
Life begins where fear ends.
Be present above all else.
Think with your whole body.
Love all. Serve all. Help ever. Hurt never.
To go beyond is as wrong as to fall short.
Roads were made for journeys not destinations.
Do not curse the darkness, light a candle.
Body and mind dropped off.
Those who seek the easy way do not seek the true way.
Enlightenment is intimacy with all things.
A zen master's life is one continuous mistake.
Now I know what success is: living your truth, sharing it.
I follow four dictates: face it, accept it, deal with it, then let it go.
To live - is that not enough?
Zen has no business with ideas.
Sleep is the best meditation.
Do not seek the truth; just drop your opinions.
This will never come again.
Movement is evil. Being still is good.
Life is a second-by-second miracle.
In the highest level a man has the look of knowing nothing.
Singlemindedness is all-powerful.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, do not adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else.
Truth makes you rise to new heights, no matter where you are.
These mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
It is easy to believe we are each waves and forget we are also the ocean.
Emptiness which is conceptually liable to be mistaken for sheer nothingness is in fact the reservoir of infinite possibilities.
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity.
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.
Even if it seems certain that you will lose, retaliate. Neither wisdom nor technique has a place in this. A real man does not think of victory or defeat. He plunges recklessly towards an irrational death. By doing this, you will awaken from your dreams.
Purity is something that cannot be attained except by piling effort upon effort.
The three elements of creativity are thus: loving, knowing, and doing or heart, mind, and hands or, as Zen Buddhist teaching has it; great faith, great question, and great courage.
You look at where you are going and where you are and it never makes sense, but then you look back at where you have been and a pattern seems to emerge.
There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
As a bee gathering nectar does not harm or disturb the color and fragrance of the flower; so do the wise move through the world.
My daily affairs are quite ordinary; but I am in total harmony with them.
Unhappiness and rain just drift by and are gone, they are visitors.
Have the fearless attitude of a hero and the loving heart of a child.
A man is great not because he has not failed; a man is great because failure has not stopped him.
Confuse them with your silence and amaze them with your actions.
I do not hold on to anything, do not reject anything; nowhere an obstacle or conflict.
We just let it happen… and that is the beauty of this technique.
Just as parents care for their children, you should bear in mind the whole universe.
The mind is like a mad monkey.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
A true Zen saying: "Nothing is what I want".
When I am riding my bicycle I feel like a Buddhist who is happy just to enjoy his mundane existence.
When you have understood this scripture, throw it away. If you cannot understand this scripture, throw it away. I insist on your freedom.
Too lazy to be ambitious, I let the world take care of itself. Ten days' worth of rice in my bag; a bundle of twigs by the fireplace. Why chatter about delusion and enlightenment? Listening to the night rain on my roof, I sit comfortably, with both legs stretched out. 
Craziness is good. Crazy people are happy, free, they have no hindrance. But since you have many attachment, you are only a little crazy. This is not crazy enough. You must become completely crazy. Then you will understand. 
I have lived with several Zen masters - all of them cats.
The menu is not the meal.
Zen is nothing to get excited about.
Do not be too interested in Zen.
We are here to awaken from our illusion of separateness.
The whole moon and the entire sky are reflected in one dewdrop on the grass.
They call it 'peace of mind' but maybe it should be called 'peace from mind.'
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.
it is almost always possible to be honest and positive.
To set up what you like against what you dislike, this is the disease of the mind.
Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is ajar.
Cease from practice based on intellectual understanding, pursuing words, and following after speech.
But as long as you think you are practicing zazen for the sake of something, that is not true practice.
Many have died; you also will die. The drum of death is being beaten. The world has fallen in love with a dream. Only sayings of the wise will remain. Kabir
The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence.
Pursue not the outer entanglements; dwell not in the inner void; be serene in the oneness of things; and dualism vanishes by itself.
Matters of great concern should be treated lightly. Matters of small concern should be treated seriously.
One thing, all things: move among and intermingle, without distinction. To live in this realization is to be without anxiety about non-perfection. To live in this faith is the road to non-duality, because the non-dual is one with the trusting mind.
There is a crack in everything, that is how the light gets in.
Why do you so earnestly seek the truth in distant places? Look for delusion and truth in the bottom of your own heart.
The thief left it behind: the moon at my window.
We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want.
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.
For things to reveal themselves to us, we need to be ready to abandon our views about them.
One has not understood until one has forgotten it.
Wise men do not judge - they seek to understand.
To be truly ignorant, be content with your own knowledge.
A great man is hard on himself; a small man is hard on others.
it is beautiful to be alone. To be alone does not mean to be lonely. It means the mind is not influenced and contaminated by society.
When you understand one thing through and through, you understand everything. When you try to understand everything, you will not understand anything. Shunryu Suzuki
When we start to feel anxious or depressed, instead of asking, "What do I need to get to be happy?" The question becomes, "What am I doing to disturb the inner peace that I already have?".
If you want something then you lose everything. If you do not want anything then you already have everything.
To say one is revolutionary is a little like saying one is a Zen Buddhist - if you say you are, you probably are not.
When you catch yourself slipping into a pool of negativity, notice how it derives from nothing other than resistance to the current situation.
The foolish reject what they see, not what they think; the wise reject what they think, not what they see.
A wise man speaks because he has something to say; a fool because he has to say something.
Knowledge is learning something everyday. Wisdom is letting go of something everyday.
Do not be satisfied with your accomplishment, nor be dissatisfied with it.
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life.
A fool sees himself as another, but a wise man sees others as himself.
Prefer to be defeated in the presence of the wise than to excel among fools.
One must be deeply aware of the impermanence of the world.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
The greatest effort is not concerned with results.
Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except your self.
Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that is exactly the way we want it to be.
If you are unable to find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?
To be in harmony with the wholeness of things is not to have anxiety over imperfections.
Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath.
Here it is - right now. Start thinking about it and you miss it.
Children are natural Zen masters; their world is brand new in each and every moment.
Happiness only comes when you let go of who you think you are. If you think you are wealthy and powerful and noble and truthful or horrible and demonic, whatever it may be, it is all a waste of time.
All I can guarantee you is that as long as you are searching for happiness, you will remain unhappy.
Letting go takes a lot of courage sometimes. But once you let go, happiness comes very quickly. You will not have to go around search for it.
Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness. If, in our heart, we still cling to anything - anger, anxiety, or possessions - we cannot be free.
There is surely nothing other than the single purpose of the present moment. A man's whole life is a succession of moment after moment. There will be nothing else to do, and nothing else to pursue. Live being true to the single purpose of the moment.
Be true to the thought of the moment and avoid distraction. Other than continuing to exert yourself, enter into nothing else, but go to the extent of living single thought by single thought.
If we are always demanding something out of life, then we will never be content. But if we accept life as it is, then we will know contentment.
Flow with whatever may happen, and let your mind be free: Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
Your life is your practice. Your spiritual practice does not occur someplace other than in your life right now, and your life is nowhere other than where you are. Karen Maezen Miller
Live the life in front of you, be the life you are, and see what you find out for yourself.
People of this world are deluded. they are always longing for something - always, in a word, seeking.
When you bow, you should just bow; when you sit, you should just sit; when you eat, you should just eat.
When there is no gaining idea in what you do, then you do something.
So if you do something, you should be observant, and careful, and alert.
Where you stand, where you are, that is what your life is right there, regardless of how painful it is or how enjoyable it is. that is what it is.
I am not devaluing thoughts. Just do not mix up what we think with what actually is.
Nothing has ever existed except this moment. that is all there is. that is all we are. Yet most human beings spend 50 to 90 percent or more of their time in their imagination, living in fantasy. We think about what has happened to us, what might have happened, how we feel about it, how we should be different, how others should be different, how it is all a shame, and on and on.
There is one thing in life that you can always rely on: life being as it is.
Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath.
To see things for what they are is to see with the eyes of the vastness itself.
When reading, only read. When eating, only eat. When thinking, only think.
When we do not expect anything we can be ourselves.
Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it.
If nothing within you stays rigid, outward things will disclose themselves.
Detachment is necessary for peace, and peace is necessary for happiness.
The phrase that I use the most to myself in my head is one word: accept.
If you cry because the sun has gone out of your life, your tears will prevent you from seeing the stars.
Letting go is the lesson. Letting go is always the lesson. Have you ever noticed how much of our agony is all tied up with craving and loss?
It is a timeless spiritual truth: release attachment to outcomes, deep inside yourself, you will feel good no matter what.
If you want to travel the Way of Buddhas and Zen masters, then expect nothing, seek nothing, and grasp nothing.
To escape from the world means that one's mind is not concerned with the opinions of the world.
Lose yourself in nothing to become everything; Relax into an infinite deep sea of coherent energy; Keep unfolding deeper and deeper into oneness; Continuously let go of control; Feel greater and greater degrees of wholeness.
Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get. Life should be touched, not strangled. You've got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it.
Once you stop clinging and let things be, you will be free, even of birth and death. You'll transform everything.
You are here to learn something. Do not try to figure out what it is. This can be frustrating and unproductive.
Obey the nature of things (your own nature), and you will walk freely and undisturbed.
Do not become caught in the teaching. You must be able to let it go.
Just let things be in their own way and there will be neither coming nor going.
Drop the craving for self, for permanence, for particular circumstances, and go straight ahead with the movement of life.
With no set idea of how something is supposed to be, it is hard to get stuck on things not happening in the time frame you desired. Instead, you are just being there, open to the possibilities of your life.
Let go. Let Be. See through everything and be free, complete, luminous, at home — at ease.
The true purpose is to see things as they are, to observe things as they are, and to let everything go as it goes.
Our way is not to sit to acquire something; it is to express our true nature. That is our practice.
Do not be trapped by the need to achieve anything. This way, you achieve everything.
Think of patience as an act of being open to whatever comes your way.
A Buddha is an idle person. He does not run around after fortune and fame. 
Life is a balance between rest and movement.
Next to love, balance is the most important thing.
A warrior balances solitude and dependence.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
He who loves with purity considers not the gift of the lover, but the love of the giver.
Balance is the perfect state of still water. Let that be our model. It remains quiet within and is not disturbed on the surface.
Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole nature in its beauty. Nobody is able to achieve this completely but striving for such achievement is, in itself, a part of the liberation and a foundation for inner security.
It is a wretched thing that the young men of today are so contriving and so proud of their material possessions. Men with contriving hearts are lacking in duty. Lacking in duty, they will have no self-respect.
He who is self-conceited has no superiority allowed to him.
The most transformative experience has been the simple act of loving myself.
Have good trust in yourself, not in the One that you think you should be, but in the One that you are.
Being attached to someone is not about the other person. It is about your own sense of inadequacy.
Any love is a home-sickness, a longing for a lost paradise.
A man walking is never in balance but always correcting for imbalance.
Life is a balance between rest and movement.
The more we value things, the less we value ourselves.
Love is the absence of judgment.
Since we desire the true happiness that is brought about by a calm mind, and such peace of mind arises only from having a compassionate attitude, we need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion.
The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
When asked "Who I Am', the only answer possible is: I am the infinite, the vastness that is the substance of all things. I am no one and everyone, nothing and everything - just as you are. 
When we have our body and mind in order, everything else will exist in the right place, in the right way.
More important than any stage which you will attain is your sincerity, your right effort.
In deep self acceptance, grows a compassionate understanding.
There is not secret to balance. You just have to feel the waves.
Your treasure house is in yourself, it contains all you need.
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable. 
The mind: A beautiful servant, a dangerous master.
Keep it simple and focus on what matters. Do not let yourself be overwhelmed.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Peace of mind produces right values, right values produce right thoughts. Right thoughts produce right actions.
As you become more and more deeply rooted in witnessing, thoughts start disappearing. You are, but the mind is utterly empty.
You must only concentrate on the next step, the next breath, the next stroke of the broom, and the next, and the next. Nothing else.
Keep your heart clear and transparent, and you will never be bound. A single disturbed thought creates ten thousand distractions.
Not thinking about anything is Zen. Once you know this, walking, sitting, or lying down, everything you do is Zen.
The mind is the root from which all things grow. If you can understand the mind, everything else is included.
Not till your thoughts cease all their branching here and there, not till you abandon all thoughts of seeking for something, not till your mind is motionless as wood or stone, will you be on the right road to the Gate.
The things I carry are my thoughts. that is it. They are the only weight. My thoughts determine whether I am free and light or burdened.
You are, after all, what you think. Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Distraction is the main problem for us all - what the Buddha called the monkey mind. We need to tame this monkey mind.
The word 'innocence' means a mind that is incapable of being hurt.
If your mind is empty, it is always ready for anything; it is open to everything.
Not till your thoughts cease all their branching here and there, not till you abandon all thoughts of seeking for something, not till your mind is motionless as wood or stone, will you be on the right road to the Gate. 
True depth of understanding is wide and steady. Shallow understanding is lazy and wandering.
It is only with total humility, and in absolute stillness of mind that we can know what indeed we are.
If moment by moment you can keep your mind clear then nothing will confuse you.
A mind that worries about the past is distracted, and a mind that worries about the future is delusional.
Technical knowledge is not enough. One must transcend techniques so that the art becomes an artless art, growing out of the unconscious.
Buddha means awareness, the awareness of body and mind that prevents evil from arising in either.
When thought is in bondage the truth is hidden, for everything is murky and unclear, and the burdensome practice of judging brings annoyance and weariness. What benefit can be derived from distinctions and separations?
The struggle of what one likes and what one dislikes is the disease of the mind.
What pleases our mind is not dangerous enough.
Within our impure mind the pure one is to be found.
Nothing divides one so much as thought. 
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
The memory of everything is very soon overwhelmed in time.
Time is the fire in which we burn.
Our opinions have no permanence; like autumn and winter, they gradually pass away.
Everything that has a beginning has an ending. Make your peace with that and all will be well.
The more a thing tends to be permanent, the more it tends to be lifeless.
See and realize that this world is not permanent. Neither late nor early flowers will remain.
Every day passes whether you participate or not.
Unless we die to ourselves, we can never be alive again.
We are in such a hurry most of the time we never get much chance to talk. The result is a kind of endless day-to-day shallowness, a monotony that leaves a person wondering years later where all the time went and sorry that it is all gone.
When we realize the everlasting truth of "everything changes" and find our composure in it, we find ourselves in Nirvana.
Time's the king of men; he is both their parent, and he is their grave, and gives them what he will, not what they crave.
Time is the coin of life. Only you can determine how it will be spent.
Awareness is the greatest agent for change.
Whether we like it or not, change comes, and the greater the resistance, the greater the pain.
Do not waste your time chasing butterflies. Mend your garden, and the butterflies will come.
There is only one thing in life which never changes, and it is change.
Open your arms to change, but do not let go of your values.
We teach ourselves; Zen merely points the way.
Reality is created by the mind, we can change our reality by changing our mind.
The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth.
In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrow - and that is likely to hurt.
Realisation is a matter of becoming conscious of that which is already realized.
Unless it grows out of yourself no knowledge is really yours, it is only borrowed plumage.
The Truth is realized in an instant; the Act is practiced step by step.
But opinions, judgments, memories, dreaming about the future—ninety percent of the thoughts spinning around in our heads have no essential reality.
If you forget yourself, you become the universe.
No word matters. But man forgets reality and remembers words.
Not knowing how near the truth is, we seek it far away.
It is easier for the world to accept a simple lie than a complex truth.
The way of Zen is to become independent and strong. Do not rely on others for perceptions of life and truth. Do it individually.
Truth is not far away. It is nearer than near. There is no need to attain it, since not one of your steps leads away from it.
The Great Way is not difficult for those who have no preferences. When love and hate are both absent everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the smallest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth then hold no opinion for or against.
If you are under control, you lose the danger of glimpsing an unknown realm.
If you use your mind to study reality, you will not understand either your mind or reality. If you study reality without using your mind, you will understand both.
The farther away you are from the truth, the more the hateful and pleasurable states will arise.
The ultimate Truth is beyond words. Doctrines are words. they are not the Way.
Reality has no inside, outside, or middle part.
The more you talk and think about it, the further astray you wander from the truth. Stop talking and thinking and there is nothing you will not be able to know.
I feel cut off only because I am split within myself, because I try to be divided from my own feelings and sensations. What I feel and sense therefore seems foreign to me. And on being aware of the unreality of this division, the universe does not seem foreign any more.
A mind full of preconceived ideas, subjective intentions, or habits is not open to things as they are.
Do not seek for the truth, only stop having an opinion.
If you cannot find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
When there is no desire, all things are at peace.
Countless words count less than the silent balance between yin and yang.
Taoism is a way of liberation, which never comes by means of revolution, since it is notorious that most revolutions establish worse tyrannies than they destroy. 
You should rather be grateful for the weeds, because eventually they will enrich your practice.
You must let what happens happen. Everything must be equal in your eyes, good and evil, beautiful and ugly, foolish and wise.
Taoism is the profoundest nonconformism that has ever been evolved anywhere in the world, at any time in history; essentially it is rebellion.
Taoism has no rules. it is a suggestion for perceiving life in its wholeness, without unnecessary categorization, yet enjoying the beauty of categorization.
Taoism is the gentle way. The path of least resistance.
Taoism is the way of water. The most frequent element or symbol referred to in Lao Tzu's writings is the symbol of water.
Taoism is simply the complete acceptance of yourself as you are right in this moment.
Accept everything just the way it is.
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world.
The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.
If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.
He who is in harmony with the Tao is like a newborn child. Its bones are soft, its muscles are weak, but its grip is powerful.
To have some deep feeling about Buddhism is not the point; we just do what we should do, like eating supper and going to bed. This is Buddhism.
Patience from a Buddhist perspective is not a "wait and see" attitude, but rather one of "just be there". 
Buddhism teaches that joy and happiness arise from letting go. Please sit down and take an inventory of your life. There are things you have been hanging on to that really are not useful and deprive you of your freedom. Find the courage to let them go.
Buddhism may be summed up in two phrases: "Let go!" and "Walk on!".
Suffering is when we resist the moment.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
Attack the evil that is within yourself, rather than attacking the evil that is in others.
We are not disturbed by what happens to us, but by our thoughts about what happens to us.
Life and death are of supreme importance. Time swiftly passes by and opportunity is lost. Each of us should strive to awaken. Awaken! Take heed, do not squander your life.
Breath by breath, let go of fear, expectation, anger, regret, cravings, frustration, fatigue. Let go of the need for approval. Let go of old judgments and opinions. Die to all that, and fly free. Soar in the freedom of desirelessness. Lama Surya Das
Any effort that has self-glorification as its final endpoint is bound to end in disaster.
Anger, ego, jealousy are the biggest diseases. Keep yourself aloof from these three diseases.
The saint is a man who disciplines his ego. The sage is a man who rids himself of his ego.
The more you suffer the deeper grows your character, and with the deepening of your character you read the more penetratingly into the secrets of life. All great artists, all great religious leaders, and all great social reformers have come out of the intensest struggles which they fought bravely, quite frequently in tears and with bleeding hearts.
Unless we agree to suffer we cannot be free from suffering.
Guilt, regret, resentment, sadness and all forms of nonforgiveness are caused by too much past and not enough presence.
The trying to do something is in itself enlightenment. When we are in difficulty or distress, there we have enlightenment.
When another person makes you suffer, it is because he suffers deeply within himself, and his suffering is spilling over. He does not need punishment; he needs help. that is the message he is sending.
Nirvana means to extinguish the burning fires of the Three Poisons: greed, anger, and ignorance. This can be accomplished by letting go of dissatisfaction.
Life always gives us exactly the teacher we need at every moment. This includes every mosquito, every misfortune, every red light, every traffic jam, every obnoxious supervisor (or employee), every illness, every loss, every moment of joy or depression, every addiction, every piece of garbage, every breath. Every moment is the guru.
We have to face the pain we have been running from. In fact, we need to learn to rest in it and let its searing power transform us.
Do not permit the events of your daily lives to bind you, but never withdraw yourselves from them. Only by acting thus can you earn the title of 'A Liberated One'.
The ignorant mind, with its infinite afflictions, passions, and evils, is rooted in the three poisons. Greed, anger, and delusion.
Those who do not know how to suffer are the worst off. There are times when the only correct thing we can do is to bear out troubles until a better day.
If you have not wept deeply, you have not begun to meditate.
An outside enemy exists only if there is anger inside.
Hating someone makes them important. Forgiving them makes them obsolete.
Pain does not last. And when it is gone, we have something to show for it. Growth.
Why seek a doctrine? As soon as you have a doctrine, you fall into dualistic thought.
Your body and mind are the field. Suffering is the seed, wisdom the sprout, and buddhahood the grain.
A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad.
I have not learned how to confront a problem by avoiding it.
Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.
Trees are like people. They all have a few flaws in them.
You are the sky. Everything else - it is just the weather.
A lily or a rose never pretends, and its beauty is that it is what it is.
Sitting quietly, doing nothing, Spring comes, and the grass grows, by itself.
If you become restless, speed up. If you become winded, slow down. You climb the mountain in an equilibrium between restlessness and exhaustion.
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day. 
The moon does not fight. It attacks no one. It does not worry. It does not try to crush others. It keeps to its course, but by its very nature, it gently influences. What other body could pull an entire ocean from shore to shore? The moon is faithful to its nature and its power is never diminished.
A finger points at the moon, but the moon is not at the tip of the finger. Words points at the truth, but the truth is not in words.
A flower does not think of competing with the flower next to it. It just blooms.
The ultimate goal of farming is not the growing of crops, but the cultivation and perfection of human beings.
Clear mind is like the full moon in the sky. Sometimes clouds come and cover it, but the moon is always behind them. Clouds go away, then the moon shines brightly. So do not worry about clear mind: it is always there. When thinking comes, behind it is clear mind. When thinking goes, there is only clear mind. Thinking comes and goes, comes and goes, You must not be attached to the coming or the going.
The waters are in motion, but the moon retains its serenity.
When fishermen cannot go to sea, they repair nets.
Three things cannot long be hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it.
Zen is a quiet thing. It listens.
Awareness allows us get outside of your mind and observe it in action.
Those who seek the truth by means of intellect and learning only get further and further away from it.
It is simply sitting silently, witnessing the thoughts, passing before you. Just witnessing, not interfering not even judging, because the moment you judge you have lost the pure witness.
Not being tense but ready. Not thinking but not dreaming. Not being set but flexible. Liberation from the uneasy sense of confinement. It is being wholly and quietly alive, aware and alert, ready for whatever may come. Bruce Lee
Silence is the language of Om. We need silence to be able to reach our Self. Both internal and external silence is very important to feel the presence of that supreme Love.
If you would spend all your time - walking, standing, sitting or lying down - learning to halt the concept-forming activities of your own mind, you could be sure of ultimately attaining the goal.
Be soft in your practice. Think of the method as a fine silvery stream, not a raging waterfall.
Meditation is a secular practice, not a religious practice.
There is only the one reality, neither to be realized nor attained.
There is no beginning to practice nor end to enlightenment; There is no beginning to enlightenment nor end to practice.
For the beginner, practice without effort is not true practice.
It will take quite a long time before you find your calm, serene mind in your practice.
It is when your practice is rather greedy that you become discouraged with it.
Follow the stream, have faith in its course. It will go on its own way, meandering here, trickling there. It will find the grooves, the cracks, the crevices. Just follow it. Never let it out of your sight. It will take you.
As long as we remain within the confines of the thinking mind, we cannot experience the state of non-thinking. If we cannot experience non-thinking, we will not understand what our life truly is. Please realize this for yourself! Just sit.
Enlightenment is not something you achieve. It is the absence of something. All your life you have been going forward after something, pursuing some goal. Enlightenment is dropping all that.
Those who worship do not know, and those who know do not worship.
An Awakened person is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad.
In contemplation, one's mind should be stable and unmoving, like a wall.
Even to be attached to the idea of enlightenment is to go astray.
The obstacle is the path.
Move and the way will open.
Be master of mind rather than mastered by mind.
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear.
You should sit and meditate for 20 minutes, unless you are too busy, then you should sit and meditate or an hour.
To follow the path, look to the master, follow the master, walk with the master, see through the master, become the master.
The wise adapt themselves to circumstances, as water molds itself to the pitcher.
Only when you can be extremely pliable and soft can you be extremely hard and strong.
Man stands in his own shadow and wonders why it is dark.
When walking, walk. When eating, eat.
No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place.
When you reach the top of the mountain, keep climbing.
To live is enough.
Calmness in activity is true calmness.
When you do something, you should do it with your whole body and mind; you should be concentrated on what you do. You should do it completely, like a good bonfire.
You should not be a smoky fire. You should burn yourself completely. If you do not burn yourself completely, a trace of yourself will be left in what you do.
Emotionally we have many problems, but these problems are not actual problems; they are something created; they are problems pointed out by our self-centered ideas or views.
Zen is not some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual everyday routine.
What we call "I" is just a swinging door which moves when we inhale and when we exhale.
We do not exist for the sake of something else. We exist for the sake of ourselves.
We should not hoard knowledge; we should be free from our knowledge.
The goal of practice is always to keep our beginner's mind.
Sincerity itself is the railroad track.
When something dies is the greatest teaching.
When thoughts arise, then do all things arise. When thoughts vanish, then do all things vanish. 
Begin now to be what you will be hereafter.
We have to do the best we are capable of. This is our sacred human responsibility.
You have as much laughter as you have faith.
The brain is wider than the sky.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
A goal should scare you a little and excite you a lot.
Listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were doing to do anyway. 
Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen. 
The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper. 
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
Great things never came from comfort zones.
I have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad. Or I can go mad by ricocheting in between. 
When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.
If you want something you never had, you have to do something you have never done. 
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self. 
Your labor is your contribution to the miracle. 
We did not come to fear the future. We came here to shape it. 
If you think, then you will be prepared. If you are prepared, then you will have no worries.
There is no great genius without a mixture of madness. 
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself.
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion.
Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it.
I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. 
Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way. 
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest. 
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. 
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. 
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
The scariest moment is always just before you start. 
Every next level of your life will demand a different you.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Little by little, one travels far.
I exist as I am, that is enough.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Paths are made by walking.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations. 
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. 
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as you dominant aspiration.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you have not found it yet, keep looking. Don't 
settle. As with all matters of the heart, you will know when you find it. 
Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you. 
A ship is always safe a shore but that is not what it is built for. 
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. 
When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it.
If you do not know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. 
Not all those who wander are lost.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. 
If you do not like something, change it. If you cannot change it, change your attitude.
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.
Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not. 
You do not need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. 
In three words I can sum up everything I have learned about life: it goes on.
All for one and one for all.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. 
You have to risk going too far to discover just how far you can really go.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. 
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
You make your own luck if you stay at it long enough.
If you can imagine it, we can make it. 
Either get busy living or get busy dying. 
You change the world by being yourself. 
The only way round is through. 
Pain or love or danger makes you real again.
Begin, be bold and venture to be wise.
We are our choices.   
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
There is nothing you cannot have. There are no limitations.
One day or day one. You decide.
Don't just wait for inspiration. Become it.
I didn't come this far, to only come this far.
Prove them wrong.
Don't tell people your dreams. Show them.
You can be happy where you are.
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
They can because they think they can.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Life begins on the other side of despair.
Resist much, obey little.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and do not be sorry.
And your very flesh shall be a great poem.
Our true nationality is mankind.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Feet, what do I need them for if I have wings to fly.
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change. 
When you see something beautiful in someone, tell them. It may take a second to say, but for them it could last a life time.
My message to you is simple, keep believing, keep marching, keep building, keep raising your voice.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you cannot see from the center.
If you take risks and face your fate with dignity, there is nothing you can do that makes you small; if you do not take risks, there is nothing you can do that makes you grand, nothing.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
At the end of the day it is not about what you have or even what you have accomplished… it is about who you have lifted up, who you have made better, it is about what you have given back.
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic.
We do not rise to the level of our expectations.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is: infinite.
I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart. I am, I am, I am.
You will find poetry nowhere unless you bring some of it with you.
And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who do not believe in magic will never find it.
Breathe, it is just a bad day, not a bad life.
The mind is like an iceberg, it floats with one-seventh of its bulk above water.
Build a man a fire, and he will be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he will be warm for the rest of his life.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.
Abandon yourself to the moment, and you will find every day new openings, new light, new insight. And those new insights will go on changing you. One day, suddenly you will see you are each moment new. 
You have to be able to tolerate what you do not necessarily like so you can be free.
I believe that man will not merely endure; he will prevail.
What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Dance first. Think later. It is the natural order.
We are all born mad. Some remain so.
Always do sober what you said you would do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead. 
Life has a way of testing a person's will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen at once.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
Embrace the glorious mess that you are.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I have found it!), but 'that is funny…'.
I do not want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it.
I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and do not let anybody tell you different.
Wrinkles mean you laughed, grey hair means you care and scars mean you lived.
A bad attitude is like a flat tire, you cannot get very far until you change it.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
If you are money, then, when you die, you will be spent.
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.
I have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Drag your thoughts away from your troubles… by the ears, by the heels, or any other way you can manage it.
The only thing you can get in a hurry is trouble.
It is not the size of the dog in the fight, it is the size of the fight in the dog.
Show me a man with a tattoo and I'll show you a man with an interesting past.
It is not bragging if you can back it up. 
The wisest men follow their own direction.
Better to have, and not need, than to need, and not have.
You are free, and that is why you are lost.
One of the first signs of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
We shall not cease from exploration. And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.
Cynicism is easy. Mimicry is easy. Optimistic contrarians are the rarest breed.
We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.
Unless you believe, you will not understand.
You will always find an answer in the sound of water.
You attract what you are, not what you want.
I focused so hard on what I wanted that I lost sight of what I deserved.
Sometimes when things are falling apart they may actually be falling into place.
Let it all go. See what stays.
Anything I come across that feels impossible, I probably need to take a second look.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.
Goodness makes greatness truly valuable, and greatness make goodness much more serviceable. 
You must realize that one day you will die. Until then you are worthless.
Do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment.
Do not judge, and you will never be mistaken. 
Do not ask for what you will wish you had not got.
If you suddenly stumble upon the right door, you will not be able to recognize that it is right.
You have to die a few times before you can really live.
Live so that you can at least get the benefit of the doubt.
To find yourself, think for yourself.
You have to be odd to be number one.
My father used to say, do not raise your voice improve your argument. 
When thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guild can change the past, and no amount of anxiety can change the future. 
I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.
People cry, not because they are weak. It is because they have been strong for too long. 
Don't look back unless you are planning to go that way.
Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
I long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble. The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them.
Saying nothing sometimes says the most.
To be blind is not miserable; not to be able to bear blindness, that is miserable.
Do not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears.
Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
A harmful truth is better than a useful lie.
If you tell the truth, you do not have to remember anything.
Please all, and you will please none.
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Life is the sum of all your choices.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.
My mission: to be so busy loving my life that I have no time for hate, regret, worry, fret, or fear.
Life is all about balance. You do not always need to be getting stuff done. Sometimes it is perfectly okay, and absolutely necessary, to shut down, kick back, and do nothing. You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
If you are afraid to die, you will not be able to live.
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited. Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
It is necessary to have wished for death in order to know how good it is to live.
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
Plunge boldly into the thick of life, and seize it where you will, it is always interesting.
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.
Listening to your own heart, you will start moving in the right direction, without ever thinking of what is right and what is wrong.
Listen to the new, go with the new. I know you are afraid. In spite of the fear, go with the new, and your life will become richer and richer and you will be able one day to release your imprisoned splendor. 
You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning.
You can change your world by changing your words… Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue. 
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
Maybe that is what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.
Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than your comfort zone. 
Be strong enough to stand alone, smart enough to know when you need help, and brave enough to ask for it.
Magic happens when you do not give up, even though you want to. The universe always falls in love with a stubborn heart.
We mature with damage, not with the years.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
These are the days that must happen to you.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
Don't worry about losing. If it is right, it happens – The main thing is not to hurry. Nothing good gets away.
You can only fight the way you practice.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
Everything has got a moral if you can only find it.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery. 
You do not write your life with words… You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Experience is the teacher of all things.
The one who falls and gets up is so much stronger than the one who never fell.
Without rain nothing grows. Learn to embrace the storms of your life.
You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind.
There is a direct correlation between an increased sphere of comfort and getting what you want.
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually fear you will make one.
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You will find that they have not half the strength you think they have.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you cannot practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage. 
You cannot escape necessities, but you can overcome them.
You have to be able to tolerate what you do not necessarily like so you can be free.
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. 
It is not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes Awww!.
The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it – basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.
Don't bend; do not water it down; do not try to make it logical; do not edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly.
Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that is the one that is going to help you grow.
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting.
We are already one. But we imagine that we are not. And what we have to recover is our original unity. 
What we have to be is what we are.
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you.
Learn to say 'no' without explaining yourself.
Stay patient and trust your journey.
Someday, everything will make perfect sense. So for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason.
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself.
Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so. 
What you hear repeatedly you will eventually believe.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Act the part and you will become the part.
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
Re-examine all that you have been told… dismiss that which insults your soul.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
Doubt whom you will, but never yourself.
Knowing what you can not do is more important than knowing what you can do. In fact, that is good taste.
When you think you are good, you will play at that level. If you doubt yourself, you will play like crap.
If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
If you stand for something you will have people for you and people against you. But if you stand for nothing you will have nobody for you and nobody against you.
Resolve that whatever you do, you will bring the whole man to it; that you will fling the whole weight of your being into it. 
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. 
Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it. Action has magic, grace and power in it. 
Accept yourself as you are. Otherwise you will never see opportunity. You will not feel free to move toward it; you will feel you are not deserving.
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self.
Swallow your pride, you will not die, it is not poison.
He who sings scares away his woes.
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it.
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
Happiness consists in realizing it is all a great strange dream.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
If you expect nothing from anybody, you are never disappointed.
Not what we have but what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance.
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.
The best part about life? Every morning you have a new opportunity to become a happier version of yourself.
Being happy does not mean that everything is perfect. It means that you have decided to look beyond the imperfections.
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others.
Don't be in such a rush to figure everything out. Embrace the unknown and let your life surprise you.
If you seek tranquility, do less. Or do what is essential – what the logos of a social being requires, and in the requisite way. Which brings a double satisfaction: to do less, better. Because most of what we say and do is not essential. If you can eliminate it, you will have more time, and more tranquility. Ask yourself at every moment, 'Is this necessary?'
You can discard most of the junk that clutters your mind – things that exist only there – and clear out space for yourself.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
I still remember the days I prayed for the things I have now.
Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself. You will then find out how easy it is to get along.
Learn to be calm and you will always be happy.
The most valuable possession you can own is an open heart. The most powerful weapon you can be is an instrument of peace.
We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses.
Do anything, but let it produce joy.
There are two ways to be happy: change the situation, or change your mindset towards it.
Don't ruin a good today by thinking about a bad yesterday. Let it go.
As long as you are being true to yourself, you will always find happiness.
If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.
If you look for perfection, you will never be content.
Silent gratitude is not very much use to anyone.
There is a quiet place where no one disturbs you.
Love and work… work and love, that is all there is.
Love is space and time measured by the heart.
If you have the ability to love, love yourself first.
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved.
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
If you give, you will be blessed.
Be loving towards yourself, then you will be able to love others too.
If you can grow in love, you will grow in awareness. If you grow in awareness, you will grow in love.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. 
No one is sent by accident to anyone.
If you are still looking for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror.
We love the things we love for what they are.
Never love anyone who treats you like you are ordinary.
If you want to be loved, be lovable.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we'll ever do.
Be the love you never received.
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
Men always want to be a woman's first love – women like to be a man's last romance.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
Work on being in love with the person in the mirror who has been through so much but is still standing.
Never stop showing someone how much they mean to you.
The best kiss is the one that has been exchanged a thousand times between the eyes before it reaches the lips.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Being with you and not being with you is the only way I have to measure time.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you would like them to be. 
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.
We loved with a love that was more than love. 
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
You have to be a good individual first before you can be a good team player.
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create.
The size of your audience does not matter. Just keep up the good work.
Work in silence. Let your success be your noise.
Be loyal to those are not present. In doing so, you build the trust of those who are present.
If you want to change the culture, you will have to start by changing the organization.
You do not know what you can get away with until you try.
Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head.
You can start right where you stand and apply the habit of going the extra mile by rendering more service and better service than you are now being paid for.
The world always seems brighter when you have just made something that wasn't there before.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack.
An artist is a creature driven by demons. He does not know why they choose him and he is usually too busy to wonder why.
I must create a system, or be enslaved by another man's. I will not reason and compare: my business is to create.
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
To do a dull thing with style-now that is what I call art. 
That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time.
Some men see things as they are and say, 'Why?' I dream of things that never were and say, 'Why not?'
You'll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success is found in your daily routine.
Don't think about what can happen in a month. Don't think about what can happen in a year. Just focus on the 24 hours in front of you and do what you can to get closer to where you want to be.
It is now how good you are, it is how good you want to be.
When you are not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom.
Feed your body. Feed your soul. Feed your dream. Bust out!
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it.
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.
Reduce your plan to writing. The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire.
No matter what challenges or setbacks and disappointments you may encounter along the way, you will find true success and happiness if you have only one goal. There really is only one. And that is this: to fulfill the highest most truthful expression of yourself as a human being. You want to max out your humanity by using your energy to lift yourself up, your family and the people around you.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
Some are born great, others achieve greatness.
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both.
Nothing is more powerful than an idea whose time has come.
In dreams begin responsibilities.
To be prepared is half the victory.
There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth.
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
The only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away.
Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men.
You will be as much value to others as you have been to yourself.
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow – after you have done your best to achieve success today.
Get excited and enthusiastic about you own dream. This excitement is like a forest fire – you can smell it, taste it, and see it from a mile away.
No man or woman is an island. To exist just for yourself is meaningless. You can achieve the most satisfaction when you feel related to some greater purpose in life, something greater than yourself.
You can calculate the worth of a man by the number of his enemies.
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
Do well and you will have no need for ancestors.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
If you will not rise above the things of the world, they will rise above you.
Let's shake up some shit. that is all you can do.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
We do not succeed in changing things according to our desire, but gradually our desire changes.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
there is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that is your own self. 
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.
If you do not like the way the world is, you change it. You have an obligation to change it You just do it one step at a time.
The future has a way of arriving unannounced.
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
The important thing is this: To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
All change is not growth; as all movement is not forward.
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
Change does not necessarily assure progress, but progress implacably requires change.
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
Things do not change, we change.
Be curious, not judgmental.
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid.
Where I was born and where and how I have lived is unimportant. It is what I have done with where I have been that should be of interest.
You can be a victim of cancer, or a survivor of cancer. It is a mindset.
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness.
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Nothing behind me, everything ahead of me, as is ever so on the road.
Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others.
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.
What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else and avoid trouble? 
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Order and simplification are the first steps toward the mastery of a subject.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
The most important thing to remember is this: To be ready at any moment to give up what you are for what you might become. 
Believe in life! Always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader, and fuller life.
We do not stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
Only the educated are free.
I am not a teacher, but an awakener.
Experience, travel – These are an education in themselves.
Teaching should be such that what is offered is perceived as a valuable gift and not as a hard duty. 
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. 
Education is not the filling of a pail, but rather the lighting of a fire.
Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing, the rest is mere sheep-herding.
Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.
I think if you can get people to laugh, you can get people to listen.
Don't just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it.
A book must be the ax for the frozen sea within us.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
It is what you read when you do not have to that determines what you will be when you cannot help it.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence.
You can never spend enough time with children.
One of the greatest gifts you can give to anyone is the gift of attention.
A good example is the best sermon you can ever preach.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Education is essential to change, for education creates both new wants and the ability to satisfy them.
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
The best teacher is experience and not through someone's distorted point of view.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
Free the child's potential, and you will transform him into the world.
If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten.
Patience can become second nature, if taught early enough. One of those gifts to your children for which you will be hated first and loved later.
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
If every day is an awakening, you will never grow old. You will just keep growing.
You can only maintain your interest if you are travelling more in ignorance than knowledge.
It is amazing how much you can learn if your intentions are truly earnest.
Well you cannot teach the poetry, but you can teach the craft.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
there is nothing you can know that is not known.
You can learn so much from children, and you can give them so much.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives and remembering what one receives.
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
You can hate me. You can go out there and say anything you want about me, But you will love me later because I told you the truth.
The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen. Just listen. Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention… A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words. 
There are no strangers here; Only friends you have not yet met.
And say my glory was I had such friends.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own. 
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
Tell me thy company, and I'll tell thee what thou art.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
That best portion of a good man's life, His little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but to reveal to him his own.
You feel alive to the degree that you feel you can help others.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Do all the good you can, by all the means you can, in all the ways you can, in all the places you can, at all the times you can, to all the people you can, as long as ever you can.
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.
Nothing is easier than to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult than to understand him.
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
It is the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
You can do more good by being good than any other way.
Faith in God includes faith in his timing. 
The phrase 'do not be afraid' is written in the Bible 365 times. that is a daily reminder from God to live every day being fearless.
One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, I love you, I'm sorry, I appreciate you, I'm proud of you…whatever you are feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it…cause a smile today for someone else…and give plenty of hugs.
You can see God from anywhere if your mind is set to love and obey Him.
If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven.
If you will know yourselves, then you will be known and you will know that you are the sons of the living father. But if you do not know yourselves, then you are in poverty and you are poverty.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
You are the one for yourself.
Nature holds the key to our aesthetic, intellectual, cognitive and even spiritual satisfaction.
Give up the belief that mind is, even temporarily, compressed within the skull, and you will quickly become more manly or womanly. You will understand yourself and your Maker better than before.
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It is just that the translations have gone wrong.
I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there is not, than live my life as if there is not and die to find out there is.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays. 
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you. 
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
We do not receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.
Mingle a little folly with your wisdom; a little nonsense now and then is pleasant.
Never speak from a place of hate jealousy anger and insecurity. Evaluate your words before you let them leave your lips. Sometimes it is best to be quiet.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: first, by reflection, which is noblest; second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
The most dangerous person is the one who listens, thinks and observes.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Every time you get upset at something, ask yourself if you were to die tomorrow, was it worth wasting your time being angry? We may brave human laws, but we cannot resist natural ones.
Man is never perfect, nor contented.
In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
Nothing is enough for the man to whom enough is too little.
No one can give you better advice than yourself.
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
While there is life, there is hope.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
If you can see the magic in a fairytale, you can face the future.
If money is your hope for independence, you will never have it.
You cannot wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
If you do not stand for something you will fall for anything.
Success is most often achieved by those who do not know that failure is inevitable.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing which you think you cannot do.
There is a crack in everything. that is how the light gets in.
Hope is a waking dream.
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
He does not believe that does not live according to his belief.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Extreme hopes are born from extreme misery.
Only in the darkness can you see the stars.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
Faith is about doing. You are how you act, not just how you believe.
To live without hope is to cease to live.
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul – and sings the tunes without the words – and never stops at all.
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
Hope will never be silent.
There is some good in this world, and it is worth fighting for.
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
What is success?  I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.
The person without a purpose is like a ship without a rudder. 
When the will is ready the feet are light.
It is easier to act yourself into a new way of feeling rather than feel your way into a new way of acting.
Construct your determination with Sustained Effort, Controlled Attention, and Concentrated Energy.  Opportunities never come to those who wait… they are captured by those who dare to attack.
A vow is fixed and unalterable determination to do a thing, when such a determination is related to something noble which can only uplift the man who makes the resolve.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.  The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
No one is wise by birth.  Wisdom results from one’s own efforts.
Tomorrow is the only day in the year that appeals to a lazy man.
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success. 
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. 
Nothing really worth having comes quickly and easily.  If it did, I doubt that we would ever grow.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
Wishes are like seeds – few ever develop into something.
Nothing can withstand the power of the human will if it is willing to stake its very existence to the extent of its purpose.
What may be done at any time will be done at no time.
If you have made mistakes, even serious ones, there is always another chance for you.  What we call failure is not the falling down, but the staying down.
There is not great talent without great will power.
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts.  This is the secret of success.
What you have to do and the way you have to do it is incredibly simple.  Whether you are willing to do it, that’s another matter.
Willingness is essential in any initiation or in making any dream come true.  I can’t often means I won’t.  You can change I won’t to I will with will power.
As long as I have you there is just one other thing I’ll always need — tremendous self control.
People do not lack strength, they lack will.
Gongfu is an ancient Chinese term describing work/devotion/effort that has been successfully applied over a substantial period of time, resulting in a degree of mastery in a specific field.  Although the term is synonymous in the West with martial arts (though it is most over rendered Kung Fu), it is equally applicable to calligraphy, painting, music, or other areas of endeavor.
Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. 
The best day of your life is the one on which you decide your life is your own. No apologies or excuses.  No one to lean on, rely on, or blame.  The gift is yours – it is an amazing journey – and you alone are responsible for the quality of it. This is the day your life really begins.
The obstacles that distract thought are disease, apathy, doubt, carelessness, indolence, dissipation, false vision, failure to attain a firm basis in yoga, and restlessness. 
How like herrings and onions our vices are in the morning after we have committed them.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s the determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal — a commitment to excellence — that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
Self-will so ardent and active that it will break a world to pieces to make a stool to sit on. 
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
Tomorrow is the day when idlers work, and fools reform.
What it boils down to is this – it’s up to you to get hold of you mind, control  it, quiet it.  God does the rest.  And immediately, as Eckhart says, The being ready and the pouring in are all one act.
Will is character in action. 
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
We all have dreams.  But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.
The most important thing about having goals is having one.
Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes.
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
Will power is to the mind like a strong blind man who carries on his shoulders a lame man who can see.
They must change often, who would be constant in happiness.
If your determination is fixed, I do not counsel you to despair.  Few things are impossible to diligence and skill.  Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance.
I long to accomplish great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble.  The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker.
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task.
Willpower is the art of replacing one habit for another.
The greatest waste in the world is the difference between what we are and what we could become.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
A determined soul will do more with a rusty monkey wrench than a loafer will accomplish with all the tools in a machine shop.
The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck.
Men who are resolved to find a way for themselves will always find opportunities enough; and if they do not find them, they will make them.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Awareness by itself is not enough: it must be joined by mastery.  We need gradually to develop a steering ability to keep ourselves from slipping mechanically into this or that sub-personality. Thus we become able to identify with each part of our being as we wish. We can have more choice.  It is the difference between being impotently transported by a roller coaster and, instead, driving a car and being able to choose which way to go and for what purpose to make the journey.
If one does not know to which port he is sailing, no wind is favorable.
We are a product of the choices we make, not the circumstances that we face.
A will finds a way.
Determination that just won't quit — that's what it takes.
The most essential factor is persistence — the determination never to allow your energy or enthusiasm to be dampened by the discouragement that must inevitably come.
Let's ask God to help us to self-control for one who lacks it, lacks his grace.
Let us not be content to wait and see what will happen, but give us the determination to make the right things happen.
What really distinguishes this generation in all countries from earlier generations … is its determination to act, its joy in action, the assurance of being able to change things by one's own efforts.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.
Mind is all that counts.
Goals are discovered, not made.
When you blame others, you give up your power to change.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
You are successful the moment you start moving toward a worthwhile goal.
The secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life, and in elevating them to art.
Never give up, for this is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
A major part of successful living lies in the ability to put first things first. Indeed the reason most major goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
Continuous, unflagging effort, persistence and determination will win.  Let not the man be discouraged who has these.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. What if they are a little course, and you may get your coat soiled or torn? What if you do fail, and get fairly rolled in the dirt once or twice. Up again, you shall never be so afraid of a tumble.
The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.
Don't worry about genius.  Don't worry about being clever.  Trust to hard work, perseverance and determination.  The best motto for a long march is: Don't grumble. Plug on!
Progress in every age results only from the fact that there are some men and women who refuse to believe that what they know to be right cannot be done.
Any significant long-term change requires long-term practice, whether that change has to do with playing the violin or learning to be a more open, loving person.  We all know people who say that they have been permanently changed by experiences of a moment or a day or a weekend.  But when you check it out you'll generally discover that those who ended up permanently changed had spent considerable time preparing for their life-changing experience or had continued diligently practicing the new behavior afterward.
We may think there is  willpower involved, but more likely change is due to want power.  Wanting the new addiction more than the old one.  Wanting the new me in preference to the person I am now. 
Give me a stock clerk with a goal and I'll give you a man who will make history.  Give me a man with no goals and I'll give you a stock clerk.
It seems to me that perfection of means and confusion of goals seems to characterize our age.
Heaven is blessed with perfect rest but the blessing of earth is toil.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
Life is like a game of cards.  The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play is your own will.
Build your life brick upon brick, Live a life of truth, And you will look back on a life of truth. Live a life of fantasy, And you will look back on delusion.
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
Good character is more to be praised than outstanding talent.  Most talents are, to some extent, a gift.  Good character, by contrast, is not given to us.  We have to build it piece by piece-by thought, choice, courage and determination.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they are executed.
Achieving goals by themselves will never make us happy in the long term; it's who we become, as we overcome the obstacles necessary to achieve our goals, that can give us the deepest and most long-lasting sense of fulfillment.
In truth, people can generally make time for what they choose to do; it is not really the time.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
Setbacks add some salt to every sweet success.
If you want to reach a goal, you must 'see the reaching' in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal.
Change is the law of life.  And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Snowflakes are one of nature's most fragile things, but just look at what they can do when they stick together.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Positive anything is better that negative nothing.
One supreme fact which I have discovered is that it is not willpower, but fantasy and imagination that creates.  Imagination is the creative force.  Imagination creates reality. 
The intelligent want self-control; children want candy.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
The world is full of willing people - some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.
Failure? I never encountered it. All I ever met were temporary setbacks.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
My will shall shape my future. Whether I fail or succeed shall be no man's doing but my own. I am the force; I can clear any obstacle before me or I can be lost in the maze. My choice; my responsibility; win or lose, only I hold the key to my destiny.
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures.  Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn… and change.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
You always pass failure on the way to success.
Prudent, cautious self-control, is wisdom's root.
Imagination is the beginning of creation.  You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine, and, at last, you create what you will.
Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud.
Attention is the beginning of devotion.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared to believe that something inside of them was superior to circumstance.
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him.  What he needs is not the discharge of tension at any cost, but the call of a potential meaning waiting to be fulfilled by him.
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance and sweeps away all obstacles.
A thousand mile journey begins with one step.
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently  believe, and upon which we must vigorously act.  There is no other route to success.
We shrink from change; yet is there anything that can come into being without it?
Determination is the wake-up call to the human will.
No problem is insurmountable. With a little courage, teamwork and determination a person can overcome anything.
Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you.
Consider the postage stamp; its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
What's money anyhow? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Like a garden, the room for self-improvement grows each year.
You have a very powerful mind that can make anything happen as long as you keep yourself centered.
The time is always right to do what is right.

There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
To labor is to pray.
The trouble with resisting temptation is it may never come your way again.
The most important attribute of man as a moral being is the faculty of self-control.
A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
You can have anything you want if you want it desperately enough. You must want it with an inner exuberance that erupts through the skin and joins the energy that created the world. 
You are what your deep, driving desire is. As your deep, driving desire is, so is your will. As your will is, so is your deed. As your deed is, so is your destiny.
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't.  It's that some people are ready to change and others are not. 
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Leaders aren't born they are made.  And they are made just like anything else, through hard work.  And that's the price we have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
A callused palm and dirty fingernails precede a Green Thumb.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
A silly idea is current that good people do not know what temptation means. This is an obvious lie.  Only those who try to resist temptation know how strong it is….  A man who gives in to temptation after five minutes simply does not know what it would have been like an hour later.  That is why bad people, in one sense, know very little about badness.  They have lived a sheltered life by always giving in.
Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is.
Strength is a matter of the made-up mind.
You can clutch the past so tightly to your chest that it leaves your arms too full to embrace the present.
Habit is a cable.  We weave a thread of it each day, and at last we cannot break it.
Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.
Who is fit to govern others?  He who governs himself. You might as well have said: nobody.
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely.
A dictionary is the only place that success comes before work.  Hard work is the price we must pay for success.  I think you can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price.
It seems to me that the term 'free will' is one of the most manipulated and exploited terms. The real explanation of free will is not that you have free will but that your will can eventually make you free, that will can liberate you, that will can release you from slavery.
I bid you conquer in your warfare against your four great enemies, the world, the devil, the flesh, and above all, that obstinate and perverse self-will, unaided by which the other three would be comparatively powerless.
Knowing is not enough, we must apply.  Willing is not enough, we must do.
The principle is competing against yourself.
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure till you know there is no hook beneath it.
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves; otherwise we harden.
A man makes inferiors his superiors by heat; self-control is the rule.
Great minds have purpose. Others have wishes.
Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion.
If passion drives you, let reason hold the reins.
The secret of health both for mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future, or not to anticipate troubles, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
We like slipping, but not falling; our real anxiety is to be tempted enough.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as does labor the body.
There is a charm about the forbidden that makes it unspeakably desirable.
We are what we think.
About the only time losing is more fun than winning is when you're fighting temptation.
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal,and then leap in the dark to our success.
Nothing makes it easier to resist temptation than a proper bringing-up, a sound set of values - and witnesses.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Most people want to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
The past cannot be changed, but the future is still in your power.
Those that only take a nibble here and a nibble there will never attain anything … Those who really want to be yogis must give up, once and for all, this nibbling at things.  Take up one idea.  Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea.
There is no allurement or enticement, actual or imaginary, which a well-disciplined mind may not surmount.  The wish to resist more than half accomplishes the object.
Most people would succeed in small things if they were not troubled with great ambitions.
The longer I live, the more I am certain that the great difference between the great and the insignificant, is energy — invincible determination — a purpose once fixed, and then death or victory. 
I am an idealist. I don't know where I am going, but I am on my way.
The time to begin most things is ten years ago.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity. 
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills.
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over.
When you see a thing clearly in your mind, your creative success mechanism within you takes over and does the job much better than you could do it by conscious effort or willpower. -   Maxwell Maltz
You got to be careful if your don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
Yoga is a light which, once lit, will never dim. The better you practice, the brighter the flame.
To will is to select a goal, determine a course of action that will bring one to that goal, and then hold to that action till the goal is reached. The key is action. -   Michael Hanson
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage coaches ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Success is a state of mind.  If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
You may delay, but time will not.
It is good to have an end to journey toward, but it is the journey that really matters in the end.
Being a warrior is not about the act of fighting, it's about being so prepared to face a challenge and believing so strongly in a cause that you are fighting for that you refuse to quit. -   Richard J. Machowicz
Success is never permanent, and failure is never final.
The best way out is always through.
The cyclone derives its powers from a calm center.  So does a person.
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
An element of abstention, of restraint, must enter into all finer joys.
A man may fulfill the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
The first attribute that characterizes the greater man from the moron is his thicker layer of inhibition.
Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
For every man there exists a bait which he cannot resist swallowing.
Willpower is the strength of mind to carry out one's goals.
If we resist our passions, it is more because of their weakness than because of our strength.
Not using faults does not mean that one does not have them.
It is not the strongest of the species who survive, not the most intelligent, but those who are the most adaptive to change.
Conscience whispers, but interest screams aloud.
A resolute determination is the truest wisdom.
I am, indeed, a king, because I know how to rule myself.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
It's all right letting yourself go, as long as you can get yourself back.
It is in changing that things find purpose.
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
Do not go through life; grow through life.
What makes resisting temptation difficult for many people is they don't want to discourage it completely.
There can be no real freedom without the freedom to fail.
You must admit you have self-control before you can use it.
Each new day beckons you to walk on the road of self-transcendence. We transcend ourselves, we do not compete with others.  We compete only with our previous achievements, and we get joy. Life is nothing but a perpetual possibility.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins - not through strength but by perseverance.
Being out of control is one of the worst feelings in the world, sometimes even worse than pain.  It is its own kind of pain.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
It's a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing.
Not being able to govern events, I govern myself, and apply myself to them, if they will not apply themselves to me.
Strength does not come from physical activity.  It comes from an indomitable will.
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten.  Don't let yourself be lulled into inaction.
If you focus on results, you will never change.  If you focus on change, you will get results.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal.  Not to people or things.
To err is human, to repent divine, to persist devilish.
Self-respect is the root of discipline:  The sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.
Those who flee temptation generally leave a forwarding address.
First say to yourself what you would be, and then do what you have to do.
A man can do all things if he but wills them.
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us.  They are essential to really keep us alive.
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find that the harder I work, the more I have of it.
In order to excel, you must be completely dedicated to your chosen sport. You must also be prepared to work hard and be willing to accept constructive criticism. Without a total 100 percent dedication, you won't be able to do this.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
The most useless are those who never change through the years.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
Nothing stops the man who desires to achieve. Every obstacle is simply a course to develop his achievement muscle.  It's a strengthening of his powers of accomplishment.
All men are tempted.  There is no man that lives that can't be broken down, provided it is the right temptation, put in the right spot.
I have been my own disciple and my own master. And I have been a good disciple but a bad master.
The first, sickness (vyadhi), is a physical obstacle, but the other eight can be considered mental.  These include languor (styana), doubt (samshaya), heedlessness (pramada), sloth (alasya), dissipation (avirati), false vision (bhranti-darshana), nonattainment of yogic states (alabdha-bhumikatva), and instability in these states (anavasthitatva).
There are no facts, only interpretations.
There are no facts, only interpretations.
Mathematics would certainly have not come into existence if one had known from the beginning that there was in nature no exactly straight line, no actual circle, no absolute magnitude.
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
Art is the supreme task and the truly metaphysical activity in this life.
Underneath this reality in which we live and have our being, another and altogether different reality lies concealed.
We obtain the concept, as we do the form, by overlooking what is individual and actual; whereas nature is acquainted with no forms and no concepts, and likewise with no species, but only with an X which remains inaccessible and undefinable for us.
Everything which distinguishes man from the animals depends upon this ability to volatilize perceptual metaphors in a schema, and thus to dissolve an image into a concept.
Our destiny exercises its influence over us even when, as yet, we have not learned its nature: it is our future that lays down the law of our today.
The advantage of a bad memory is that one can enjoy the same good things for the first time several times.
No one talks more passionately about his rights than he who in the depths of his soul doubts whether he has any. By enlisting passion on his side he wants to stifle his reason and its doubts: thus he will acquire a good conscience and with it success among his fellow men.
Many a man fails to become a thinker only because his memory is too good.
In the mountains of truth you will never climb in vain: either you will get up higher today or you will exercise your strength so as to be able to get up higher tomorrow.
Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies.
The more one seeks to rise into height and light, the more vigorously do ones roots struggle earthward, downward, into the dark, the deep - into evil.
Their wisdom speaks thus: Only a fool remains alive, but such fools are we! And that is surely the most foolish thing about life!
I know of the hatred and envy of your hearts. You are not great enough not to know hatred and envy. Then be great enough not to be ashamed of them!
Watch them clamber, these swift monkeys! They clamber over one another and thus drag one another into the mud and the depth. They all want to get to the throne: that is their madness - as if happiness sat on the throne. Often, mud sits on the throne - and often the throne also on mud.
The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous toy.
Man… cannot learn to forget, but hangs on the past: however far or fast he runs, that chain runs with him.
Philosophy is not suited for the masses, what they need is holiness.
And whoever does not want to die of thirst among men must learn to drink out of all cups; and whoever would stay clean among men must know how to wash even with dirty water.
People are always angry at anyone who chooses very individual standards for his life; because of the extraordinary treatment which that man grants to himself, they feel degraded, like ordinary beings.
The higher we soar, the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
One is finally tempted to divide mankind into a minority (minimality) of those people who know how to make much out of little and a majority of those who know how to make a little out of much; indeed, one meets those perverse wizards who, instead of creating the world out of nothing, create nothing out of the world.
It is not the struggle of opinions that has made history so violent, but rather the struggle of belief in opinions, that is, the struggle of convictions.
For those who need consolation no means of consolation is so effective as the assertion that in their case no consolation is possible: it implies so great a degree of distinction that they at once hold up their heads again.
We are, all of us, growing volcanoes that approach the hour of their eruption; but how near or distant that is, nobody knows - not even God.
Possessions are generally diminished by possession.
A thinker sees his own actions as experiments and questions - as attempts to find out something. Success and failure are for him answers above all.
Mystical explanations are considered deep; the truth is, they are not even shallow.
The Christian resolution to find the world ugly and bad has made the world ugly and bad.
What is now decisive against Christianity is our taste, no longer our reasons.
We are always in our own company.
Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier, simpler.
Become who you are.
What is it: is man only a blunder of God, or God only a blunder of man?
Young people love what is interesting and odd, no matter how true or false it is. More mature minds love what is interesting and odd about truth. Fully mature intellects, finally, love truth, even when it appears plain and simple, boring to the ordinary person; for they have noticed that truth tends to reveal its highest wisdom in the guise of simplicity.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
One pays dearly for being immortal: one has to die several times while alive.
Christianity is a metaphysics of the hangman.
Freedom is the will to be responsible for ourselves. It is to preserve the distance which separates us from other men. To grow more indifferent to hardship, to severity, to privation, and even to life itself.
What is the seal of liberation? - No longer being ashamed in front of oneself.
For believe me! - the secret for harvesting from existence the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment is: to live dangerously!
We want to be poets of our life - first of all in the smallest most everyday matters.
Whatever has value in our world now does not have value in itself, according to its nature - nature is always value-less, but has been given value at some time, as a present - and it was we who gave and bestowed it.
I would not know what the spirit of a philosopher might wish more to be than a good dancer.
Only those who keep changing remain akin to me.
You great star, what would your happiness be had you not those for whom you shine?
Every word instantly becomes a concept precisely insofar as it is not supposed to serve as a reminder of the unique and entirely individual original experience to which it owes its origin; but rather, a word becomes a concept insofar as it simultaneously has to fit countless more or less similar cases - which means, purely and simply, cases which are never equal and thus altogether unequal. Every concept arises from the equation of unequal things. Just as it is certain that one leaf is never totally the same as another, so it is certain that the concept leaf is formed by arbitrarily discarding these individual differences and by forgetting the distinguishing aspects.
You have evolved from worm to man, but much within you is still worm. Once you were apes, yet even now man is more of an ape than any of the apes.
I tell you: one must still have chaos within oneself, to give birth to a dancing star.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
Brave, unconcerned, mocking, violent–thus wisdom wants us: she is a woman, and loves only a warrior.
Some are born posthumously.
What is good? All that heightens the feeling of power in man, the will to power, power itself. What is bad? All that is born of weakness. What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome.
I would only believe in a God that knows how to dance.
Not by wrath does one kill, but by laughter.
You look up when you wish to be exalted. And I look down because I am exalted.
It is the stillest words that bring on the storm.
That something is irrational is no argument against its existence, but rather a condition for it.
We belong to a time in which culture is in danger of being destroyed by the means of culture.
The flame is not so bright to itself as to those on whom it shines: so too the wise man.
Whence come the highest mountains? I once asked. Then I learned that they came out of the sea. The evidence is written in their rocks and in the walls of their peaks. It is out of the deepest depth that the highest must come to its height.
Whatever has its price has little value.
Not whence you came shall henceforth constitute your honor, but whither you are going! Your will and your foot which has a will to go over and beyond yourselves - that shall constitute your new honor.
O my brothers, your nobility should not look backward but ahead! Exiles shall you be from all father- and forefather-lands! Your children's land shall you love: this love shall be your new nobility - the undiscovered land in the most distant sea.
Free from what? As if that mattered to Zarathustra! But your eyes should tell me brightly: free for what?
Behind a remarkable scholar we not infrequently find an average human being, and behind an average artist we often find a very remarkable human being.
Those you cannot teach to fly, teach to fall faster.
The noble soul reveres itself.
It is not conflict of opinions that has made history so violent but conflict of belief in opinions, that is to say conflict of convictions.
Close beside my knowledge lies my black ignorance.
In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point.
It is true: we love life not because we are used to living, but because we are used to loving.
We have already gone beyond whatever we have words for. In all talk there is a grain of contempt.
Love is a state in which a man sees things most decidedly as they are not.
As is well known, the priests are the most evil enemies - but why? Because they are the most impotent. It is because of their impotence that in them hatred grows to monstrous and uncanny proportions, to the most spiritual and poisonous kind of hatred.
That every will must consider every other will its equal - would be a principle hostile to life, an agent of the dissolution and destruction of man, an attempt to assassinate the future of man, a sign of weariness, a secret path to nothingness.
It is no small art to sleep: for that purpose you must keep awake all day.
In the mountains, the shortest way is from peak to peak: but for that, you need long legs. Aphorisms should be peaks: and those to whom they are spoken, big and tall.
There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy.
Of all that is written, I love only what a man has written with his own blood.
The broad effects which can be obtained by punishment in man and beast are the increase of fear, the sharpening of the sense of cunning, the mastery of the desires; so it is that punishment tames man, but does not make him better.
All instincts that do not discharge themselves outwardly turn inward - this is what I call the internalization of man: thus it was that man first developed what was later called his soul.
The sick are the greatest danger for the healthy; it is not from the strongest that harm comes to the strong, but from the weakest.
What then is truth? A movable host of metaphors, metonymies, and anthropomorphisms: in short, a sum of human relations which have been poetically and rhetorically intensified, transferred, and embellished, and which, after long usage, seem to a people to be fixed, canonical, and binding. Truths are illusions which we have forgotten are illusions - they are metaphors that have become worn out and have been drained of sensuous force, coins which have lost their embossing and are now considered as metal and no longer as coins.
A strong and well-constituted man digests his experiences (deeds and misdeeds all included) just as he digests his meats, even when he has some tough morsels to swallow.
The doctrine of equality! … But there is no more venomous poison in existence: for it appears to be preached by justice itself, when it is actually the end of justice … Equality to the equal; inequality to the unequal - that would be true justice speaking: and its corollary, never make the unequal equal.
This is the hardest of all: to close the open hand out of love, and keep modest as a giver.
The very word Christianity is a misunderstanding - in truth, there was only one Christian, and he died on the cross.
Against boredom even gods struggle in vain.
That faith makes blessed under certain circumstances, that blessedness does not make of a fixed idea a true idea, that faith moves no mountains but puts mountains where there are none: a quick walk through a madhouse enlightens one sufficiently about this.
Faith means not wanting to know what is true.
The knight of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies, but also to hate his friends.
Nothing on earth consumes a man more quickly than the passion of resentment.
To become what one is, one must not have the faintest idea what one is.
This is the antinomy: Insofar as we believe in morality we pass sentence on existence.
Morality is: the mediocre are worth more than the exceptions.
It is possible to imagine a society flushed with such a sense of power that it could afford to let its offenders go unpunished.
No shepherd, and one herd! Everyone wants the same, everyone is the same: whoever feels different goes willingly into the madhouse.
The various languages placed side by side show that with words it is never a question of truth, never a question of adequate expression; otherwise, there would not be so many languages. The thing in itself (which is precisely what the pure truth, apart from any of its consequences, would be) is likewise something quite incomprehensible to the creator of language and something not in the least worth striving for. This creator only designates the relations of things to men, and for expressing these relations he lays hold of the boldest metaphors. To begin with, a nerve stimulus is transferred into an image: first metaphor. The image, in turn, is imitated in a sound: second metaphor. And each time there is a complete overleaping of one sphere, right into the middle of an entirely new and different one.
We believe that we know something about the things themselves when we speak of trees, colors, snow, and flowers; and yet we possess nothing but metaphors for things - metaphors which correspond in no way to the original entities.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Im not upset that you lied to me, Im upset that from now on I cant believe you.
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.
Those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.
Sometimes people dont want to hear the truth because they dont want their illusions destroyed.
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
Be careful, lest in casting out your demon you exorcise the best thing in you.
A good writer possesses not only his own spirit but also the spirit of his friends.
Two great European narcotics, alcohol and Christianity.
Man believes that the world itself is filled with beauty - he forgets that it is he who has created it. He alone has bestowed beauty upon the world - alas! only a very human, an all too human, beauty.
It is my ambition to say in ten sentences what everyone else says in a whole book - what everyone else does not say in a whole book.
There are no beautiful surfaces without a terrible depth.
Every deep thinker is more afraid of being understood than of being misunderstood.
Art is the proper task of life.
What labels me, negates me.
That which is done out of love is always beyond good and evil.
All things are subject to interpretation. Whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.
Only idiots fail to contradict themselves three times a day.
Invisible threads are the strongest ties.
After coming into contact with a religious man I always feel I must wash my hands.
They muddy the water, to make it seem deep.
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
I know of no better life purpose than to perish in attempting the great and the impossible.
A thought, even a possibility, can shatter and transform us.
The voice of beauty speaks softly; it creeps only into the most fully awakened souls.
Is life not a thousand times too short for us to bore ourselves?
Silence is worse; all truths that are kept silent become poisonous.
There are no eternal facts, as there are no absolute truths.
But thus do I counsel you, my friends: distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful! They are people of bad race and lineage; out of their countenances peer the hangman and the sleuth-hound. Distrust all those who talk much of their justice! Verily, in their souls not only honey is lacking. And when they call themselves the good and just, forget not, that for them to be Pharisees, nothing is lacking but - power!
One must give value to their existence by behaving as if ones very existence were a work of art.
Ultimately, it is the desire, not the desired, that we love.
It is not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, that the lover of knowledge is reluctant to step into its waters.
Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man.
One ought to hold on to ones heart; for if one lets it go, one soon loses control of the head too.
Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs; he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter.
In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.
Man is the cruelest animal.
There are two different types of people in the world, those who want to know, and those who want to believe.
Stupidity in a woman is unfeminine.
When someone hides something behind a bush and looks for it again in the same place and finds it there as well, there is not much to praise in such seeking and finding. Yet this is how matters stand regarding seeking and finding truth within the realm of reason. If I make up the definition of a mammal, and then, after inspecting a camel, declare look, a mammal I have indeed brought a truth to light in this way, but it is a truth of limited value. That is to say, it is a thoroughly anthropomorphic truth which contains not a single point which would be true in itself or really and universally valid apart from man. At bottom, what the investigator of such truths is seeking is only the metamorphosis of the world into man.
You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame; how could you rise anew if you have not first become ashes?
Many are stubborn in pursuit of the path they have chosen. Few in pursuit of the goal.
Truths are illusions which we have forgotten are illusions.
It is impossible to suffer without making someone pay for it; every complaint already contains revenge.
The pure soul is a pure lie.
Morality is the herd-instinct in the individual.
Not every end is the goal. The end of a melody is not its goal: but nonetheless, had the melody not reached its end it would not have reached its goal either. A parable.
Man is a rope, tied between beast and ubermensch - a rope over an abyss.
What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not an end.
There will always be rocks in the road ahead of us. They will be stumbling blocks or stepping stones; it all depends on how you use them.
What is the truth, but a lie agreed upon.
Dancing in all its forms cannot be excluded from the curriculum of all noble education; dancing with the feet, with ideas, with words, and, need I add that one must also be able to dance with the pen?
All credibility, all good conscience, all evidence of truth come only from the senses.
Love, too, has to be learned.
Mans maturity: to have regained the seriousness that he had as a child at play.
I love the great despisers because they are the great adorers.
That for which we find words is something already dead in our hearts.
As long as you still experience the stars as something above you, you lack the eye of knowledge.
I love him who seeks to create over and beyond himself and thus perishes.
Every true faith is infallible. It performs what the believing person hopes to find in it. But it does not offer the least support for the establishing of an objective truth. Here the ways of men divide. If you want to achieve peace of mind and happiness, have faith. If you want to be a disciple of truth, then search.
All great things must first wear terrifying and monstrous masks, in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity.
You say that a good cause will even sanctify war! I tell you, it is the good war that sanctifies every cause!
The concept of God has hitherto been the greatest objection to existence.
I am no man, I am dynamite.
One must not let oneself be misled: they say Judge not! but they send to Hell everything that stands in their way.
Every talent must unfold itself in fighting.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
A moral system valid for all is basically immoral.
There is not enough religion in the world to destroy the worlds religions.
Life is that which must overcome itself again and again.
Once you are awake, you shall remain awake eternally.
Love is not consolation. It is light.
The life of the enemy . Whoever lives for the sake of combating an enemy has an interest in the enemies staying alive.
A thought comes when it will, not when I will.
I have learned to walk: since then I have run. I have learned to fly: since then I do not have to be pushed in order to move. Now I am nimble, now I fly, now I see myself under myself, now a god dances within me.
I change too quickly: my today refutes my yesterday. When I ascend I often jump over steps, and no step forgives me that.
Joyous distrust is a sign of health. Everything absolute belongs to pathology.
God is a thought who makes crooked all that is straight.
What else is love but understanding and rejoicing in the fact that another person lives acts and experiences otherwise than we do?
The believer in magic and miracles reflects on how to impose a law on nature–: and, in brief, the religious cult is the outcome of this reflection.
A politician divides mankind into two classes: tools and enemies.
The desire for a strong faith is not the proof of a strong faith, rather the opposite. If one has it one may permit oneself the beautiful luxury of skepticism: one is secure enough, fixed enough for it.
Existence really is an imperfect tense that never becomes a present.
No one can draw more out of things, books included, than he already knows. A man has no ears for that to which experience has given him no access.
When one has not had a good father, one must create one.
We ought to face our destiny with courage.
Deeds need time, even after they are done, in order to be seen or heard.
One sticks to an opinion because he prides himself on having come to it on his own, and another because he has taken great pains to learn it and is proud to have grasped it: and so both do so out of vanity.
Companions the creator seeks, not corpses, not herds and believers. Fellow creators the creator seeks - those who write new values on new tablets. Companions the creator seeks, and fellow harvesters; for everything about him is ripe for the harvest.
Come, let us kill the spirit of gravity!
Every word is a prejudice.
You say I and you are proud of this word. But greater than this- although you will not believe in it – is your body and its great intelligence, which does not say I but performs I.
Only Individuals have a sense of responsibility.
Knowledge kills action; action requires the veils of illusion.
He who fights too long against dragons becomes a dragon himself; and if you gaze too long into the abyss, the abyss will gaze into you.
We labour at our daily work more ardently and thoughtlessly than is necessary to sustain our life because it is even more necessary not to have leisure to stop and think. Haste is universal because everyone is in flight from himself.
One should die proudly when it is no longer possible to live proudly.