Begin now to be what you will be hereafter.
We have to do the best we are capable of. This is our sacred human responsibility.
You have as much laughter as you have faith.
The brain is wider than the sky.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
A goal should scare you a little and excite you a lot.
Listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were doing to do anyway. 
Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen. 
The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper. 
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
Great things never came from comfort zones.
I have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad. Or I can go mad by ricocheting in between. 
When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.
If you want something you never had, you have to do something you have never done. 
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self. 
Your labor is your contribution to the miracle. 
We did not come to fear the future. We came here to shape it. 
If you think, then you will be prepared. If you are prepared, then you will have no worries.
There is no great genius without a mixture of madness. 
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself.
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion.
Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it.
I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. 
Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way. 
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest. 
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. 
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. 
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
The scariest moment is always just before you start. 
Every next level of your life will demand a different you.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Little by little, one travels far.
I exist as I am, that is enough.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Paths are made by walking.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations. 
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. 
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as you dominant aspiration.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you have not found it yet, keep looking. Don't 
settle. As with all matters of the heart, you will know when you find it. 
Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you. 
A ship is always safe a shore but that is not what it is built for. 
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. 
When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it.
If you do not know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. 
Not all those who wander are lost.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. 
If you do not like something, change it. If you cannot change it, change your attitude.
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.
Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not. 
You do not need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. 
In three words I can sum up everything I have learned about life: it goes on.
All for one and one for all.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. 
You have to risk going too far to discover just how far you can really go.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. 
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
You make your own luck if you stay at it long enough.
If you can imagine it, we can make it. 
Either get busy living or get busy dying. 
You change the world by being yourself. 
The only way round is through. 
Pain or love or danger makes you real again.
Begin, be bold and venture to be wise.
We are our choices.   
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
There is nothing you cannot have. There are no limitations.
One day or day one. You decide.
Don't just wait for inspiration. Become it.
I didn't come this far, to only come this far.
Prove them wrong.
Don't tell people your dreams. Show them.
You can be happy where you are.
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
They can because they think they can.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Life begins on the other side of despair.
Resist much, obey little.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and do not be sorry.
And your very flesh shall be a great poem.
Our true nationality is mankind.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Feet, what do I need them for if I have wings to fly.
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change. 
When you see something beautiful in someone, tell them. It may take a second to say, but for them it could last a life time.
My message to you is simple, keep believing, keep marching, keep building, keep raising your voice.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you cannot see from the center.
If you take risks and face your fate with dignity, there is nothing you can do that makes you small; if you do not take risks, there is nothing you can do that makes you grand, nothing.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
At the end of the day it is not about what you have or even what you have accomplished… it is about who you have lifted up, who you have made better, it is about what you have given back.
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic.
We do not rise to the level of our expectations.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is: infinite.
I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart. I am, I am, I am.
You will find poetry nowhere unless you bring some of it with you.
And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who do not believe in magic will never find it.
Breathe, it is just a bad day, not a bad life.
The mind is like an iceberg, it floats with one-seventh of its bulk above water.
Build a man a fire, and he will be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he will be warm for the rest of his life.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.
Abandon yourself to the moment, and you will find every day new openings, new light, new insight. And those new insights will go on changing you. One day, suddenly you will see you are each moment new. 
You have to be able to tolerate what you do not necessarily like so you can be free.
I believe that man will not merely endure; he will prevail.
What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Dance first. Think later. It is the natural order.
We are all born mad. Some remain so.
Always do sober what you said you would do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead. 
Life has a way of testing a person's will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen at once.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
Embrace the glorious mess that you are.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I have found it!), but 'that is funny…'.
I do not want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it.
I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and do not let anybody tell you different.
Wrinkles mean you laughed, grey hair means you care and scars mean you lived.
A bad attitude is like a flat tire, you cannot get very far until you change it.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
If you are money, then, when you die, you will be spent.
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.
I have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Drag your thoughts away from your troubles… by the ears, by the heels, or any other way you can manage it.
The only thing you can get in a hurry is trouble.
It is not the size of the dog in the fight, it is the size of the fight in the dog.
Show me a man with a tattoo and I'll show you a man with an interesting past.
It is not bragging if you can back it up. 
The wisest men follow their own direction.
Better to have, and not need, than to need, and not have.
You are free, and that is why you are lost.
One of the first signs of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
We shall not cease from exploration. And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.
Cynicism is easy. Mimicry is easy. Optimistic contrarians are the rarest breed.
We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.
Unless you believe, you will not understand.
You will always find an answer in the sound of water.
You attract what you are, not what you want.
I focused so hard on what I wanted that I lost sight of what I deserved.
Sometimes when things are falling apart they may actually be falling into place.
Let it all go. See what stays.
Anything I come across that feels impossible, I probably need to take a second look.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.
Goodness makes greatness truly valuable, and greatness make goodness much more serviceable. 
You must realize that one day you will die. Until then you are worthless.
Do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment.
Do not judge, and you will never be mistaken. 
Do not ask for what you will wish you had not got.
If you suddenly stumble upon the right door, you will not be able to recognize that it is right.
You have to die a few times before you can really live.
Live so that you can at least get the benefit of the doubt.
To find yourself, think for yourself.
You have to be odd to be number one.
My father used to say, do not raise your voice improve your argument. 
When thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guild can change the past, and no amount of anxiety can change the future. 
I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.
People cry, not because they are weak. It is because they have been strong for too long. 
Don't look back unless you are planning to go that way.
Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
I long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble. The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them.
Saying nothing sometimes says the most.
To be blind is not miserable; not to be able to bear blindness, that is miserable.
Do not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears.
Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
A harmful truth is better than a useful lie.
If you tell the truth, you do not have to remember anything.
Please all, and you will please none.
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Life is the sum of all your choices.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.
My mission: to be so busy loving my life that I have no time for hate, regret, worry, fret, or fear.
Life is all about balance. You do not always need to be getting stuff done. Sometimes it is perfectly okay, and absolutely necessary, to shut down, kick back, and do nothing. You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
If you are afraid to die, you will not be able to live.
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited. Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
It is necessary to have wished for death in order to know how good it is to live.
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
Plunge boldly into the thick of life, and seize it where you will, it is always interesting.
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.
Listening to your own heart, you will start moving in the right direction, without ever thinking of what is right and what is wrong.
Listen to the new, go with the new. I know you are afraid. In spite of the fear, go with the new, and your life will become richer and richer and you will be able one day to release your imprisoned splendor. 
You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning.
You can change your world by changing your words… Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue. 
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
Maybe that is what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.
Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than your comfort zone. 
Be strong enough to stand alone, smart enough to know when you need help, and brave enough to ask for it.
Magic happens when you do not give up, even though you want to. The universe always falls in love with a stubborn heart.
We mature with damage, not with the years.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
These are the days that must happen to you.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
Don't worry about losing. If it is right, it happens – The main thing is not to hurry. Nothing good gets away.
You can only fight the way you practice.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
Everything has got a moral if you can only find it.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery. 
You do not write your life with words… You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Experience is the teacher of all things.
The one who falls and gets up is so much stronger than the one who never fell.
Without rain nothing grows. Learn to embrace the storms of your life.
You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind.
There is a direct correlation between an increased sphere of comfort and getting what you want.
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually fear you will make one.
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You will find that they have not half the strength you think they have.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you cannot practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage. 
You cannot escape necessities, but you can overcome them.
You have to be able to tolerate what you do not necessarily like so you can be free.
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. 
It is not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes Awww!.
The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it – basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.
Don't bend; do not water it down; do not try to make it logical; do not edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly.
Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that is the one that is going to help you grow.
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting.
We are already one. But we imagine that we are not. And what we have to recover is our original unity. 
What we have to be is what we are.
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you.
Learn to say 'no' without explaining yourself.
Stay patient and trust your journey.
Someday, everything will make perfect sense. So for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason.
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself.
Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so. 
What you hear repeatedly you will eventually believe.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Act the part and you will become the part.
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
Re-examine all that you have been told… dismiss that which insults your soul.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
Doubt whom you will, but never yourself.
Knowing what you can not do is more important than knowing what you can do. In fact, that is good taste.
When you think you are good, you will play at that level. If you doubt yourself, you will play like crap.
If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
If you stand for something you will have people for you and people against you. But if you stand for nothing you will have nobody for you and nobody against you.
Resolve that whatever you do, you will bring the whole man to it; that you will fling the whole weight of your being into it. 
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. 
Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it. Action has magic, grace and power in it. 
Accept yourself as you are. Otherwise you will never see opportunity. You will not feel free to move toward it; you will feel you are not deserving.
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self.
Swallow your pride, you will not die, it is not poison.
He who sings scares away his woes.
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it.
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
Happiness consists in realizing it is all a great strange dream.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
If you expect nothing from anybody, you are never disappointed.
Not what we have but what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance.
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.
The best part about life? Every morning you have a new opportunity to become a happier version of yourself.
Being happy does not mean that everything is perfect. It means that you have decided to look beyond the imperfections.
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others.
Don't be in such a rush to figure everything out. Embrace the unknown and let your life surprise you.
If you seek tranquility, do less. Or do what is essential – what the logos of a social being requires, and in the requisite way. Which brings a double satisfaction: to do less, better. Because most of what we say and do is not essential. If you can eliminate it, you will have more time, and more tranquility. Ask yourself at every moment, 'Is this necessary?'
You can discard most of the junk that clutters your mind – things that exist only there – and clear out space for yourself.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
I still remember the days I prayed for the things I have now.
Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself. You will then find out how easy it is to get along.
Learn to be calm and you will always be happy.
The most valuable possession you can own is an open heart. The most powerful weapon you can be is an instrument of peace.
We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses.
Do anything, but let it produce joy.
There are two ways to be happy: change the situation, or change your mindset towards it.
Don't ruin a good today by thinking about a bad yesterday. Let it go.
As long as you are being true to yourself, you will always find happiness.
If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.
If you look for perfection, you will never be content.
Silent gratitude is not very much use to anyone.
There is a quiet place where no one disturbs you.
Love and work… work and love, that is all there is.
Love is space and time measured by the heart.
If you have the ability to love, love yourself first.
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved.
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
If you give, you will be blessed.
Be loving towards yourself, then you will be able to love others too.
If you can grow in love, you will grow in awareness. If you grow in awareness, you will grow in love.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. 
No one is sent by accident to anyone.
If you are still looking for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror.
We love the things we love for what they are.
Never love anyone who treats you like you are ordinary.
If you want to be loved, be lovable.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we'll ever do.
Be the love you never received.
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
Men always want to be a woman's first love – women like to be a man's last romance.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
Work on being in love with the person in the mirror who has been through so much but is still standing.
Never stop showing someone how much they mean to you.
The best kiss is the one that has been exchanged a thousand times between the eyes before it reaches the lips.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Being with you and not being with you is the only way I have to measure time.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you would like them to be. 
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.
We loved with a love that was more than love. 
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
You have to be a good individual first before you can be a good team player.
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create.
The size of your audience does not matter. Just keep up the good work.
Work in silence. Let your success be your noise.
Be loyal to those are not present. In doing so, you build the trust of those who are present.
If you want to change the culture, you will have to start by changing the organization.
You do not know what you can get away with until you try.
Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head.
You can start right where you stand and apply the habit of going the extra mile by rendering more service and better service than you are now being paid for.
The world always seems brighter when you have just made something that wasn't there before.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack.
An artist is a creature driven by demons. He does not know why they choose him and he is usually too busy to wonder why.
I must create a system, or be enslaved by another man's. I will not reason and compare: my business is to create.
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
To do a dull thing with style-now that is what I call art. 
That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time.
Some men see things as they are and say, 'Why?' I dream of things that never were and say, 'Why not?'
You'll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success is found in your daily routine.
Don't think about what can happen in a month. Don't think about what can happen in a year. Just focus on the 24 hours in front of you and do what you can to get closer to where you want to be.
It is now how good you are, it is how good you want to be.
When you are not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom.
Feed your body. Feed your soul. Feed your dream. Bust out!
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it.
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.
Reduce your plan to writing. The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire.
No matter what challenges or setbacks and disappointments you may encounter along the way, you will find true success and happiness if you have only one goal. There really is only one. And that is this: to fulfill the highest most truthful expression of yourself as a human being. You want to max out your humanity by using your energy to lift yourself up, your family and the people around you.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
Some are born great, others achieve greatness.
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both.
Nothing is more powerful than an idea whose time has come.
In dreams begin responsibilities.
To be prepared is half the victory.
There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth.
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
The only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away.
Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men.
You will be as much value to others as you have been to yourself.
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow – after you have done your best to achieve success today.
Get excited and enthusiastic about you own dream. This excitement is like a forest fire – you can smell it, taste it, and see it from a mile away.
No man or woman is an island. To exist just for yourself is meaningless. You can achieve the most satisfaction when you feel related to some greater purpose in life, something greater than yourself.
You can calculate the worth of a man by the number of his enemies.
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
Do well and you will have no need for ancestors.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
If you will not rise above the things of the world, they will rise above you.
Let's shake up some shit. that is all you can do.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
We do not succeed in changing things according to our desire, but gradually our desire changes.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
there is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that is your own self. 
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.
If you do not like the way the world is, you change it. You have an obligation to change it You just do it one step at a time.
The future has a way of arriving unannounced.
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
The important thing is this: To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
All change is not growth; as all movement is not forward.
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
Change does not necessarily assure progress, but progress implacably requires change.
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
Things do not change, we change.
Be curious, not judgmental.
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid.
Where I was born and where and how I have lived is unimportant. It is what I have done with where I have been that should be of interest.
You can be a victim of cancer, or a survivor of cancer. It is a mindset.
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness.
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Nothing behind me, everything ahead of me, as is ever so on the road.
Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others.
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.
What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else and avoid trouble? 
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Order and simplification are the first steps toward the mastery of a subject.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
The most important thing to remember is this: To be ready at any moment to give up what you are for what you might become. 
Believe in life! Always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader, and fuller life.
We do not stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
Only the educated are free.
I am not a teacher, but an awakener.
Experience, travel – These are an education in themselves.
Teaching should be such that what is offered is perceived as a valuable gift and not as a hard duty. 
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. 
Education is not the filling of a pail, but rather the lighting of a fire.
Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing, the rest is mere sheep-herding.
Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.
I think if you can get people to laugh, you can get people to listen.
Don't just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it.
A book must be the ax for the frozen sea within us.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
It is what you read when you do not have to that determines what you will be when you cannot help it.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence.
You can never spend enough time with children.
One of the greatest gifts you can give to anyone is the gift of attention.
A good example is the best sermon you can ever preach.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Education is essential to change, for education creates both new wants and the ability to satisfy them.
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
The best teacher is experience and not through someone's distorted point of view.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
Free the child's potential, and you will transform him into the world.
If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten.
Patience can become second nature, if taught early enough. One of those gifts to your children for which you will be hated first and loved later.
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
If every day is an awakening, you will never grow old. You will just keep growing.
You can only maintain your interest if you are travelling more in ignorance than knowledge.
It is amazing how much you can learn if your intentions are truly earnest.
Well you cannot teach the poetry, but you can teach the craft.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
there is nothing you can know that is not known.
You can learn so much from children, and you can give them so much.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives and remembering what one receives.
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
You can hate me. You can go out there and say anything you want about me, But you will love me later because I told you the truth.
The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen. Just listen. Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention… A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words. 
There are no strangers here; Only friends you have not yet met.
And say my glory was I had such friends.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own. 
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
Tell me thy company, and I'll tell thee what thou art.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
That best portion of a good man's life, His little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but to reveal to him his own.
You feel alive to the degree that you feel you can help others.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Do all the good you can, by all the means you can, in all the ways you can, in all the places you can, at all the times you can, to all the people you can, as long as ever you can.
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.
Nothing is easier than to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult than to understand him.
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
It is the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
You can do more good by being good than any other way.
Faith in God includes faith in his timing. 
The phrase 'do not be afraid' is written in the Bible 365 times. that is a daily reminder from God to live every day being fearless.
One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, I love you, I'm sorry, I appreciate you, I'm proud of you…whatever you are feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it…cause a smile today for someone else…and give plenty of hugs.
You can see God from anywhere if your mind is set to love and obey Him.
If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven.
If you will know yourselves, then you will be known and you will know that you are the sons of the living father. But if you do not know yourselves, then you are in poverty and you are poverty.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Nature holds the key to our aesthetic, intellectual, cognitive and even spiritual satisfaction.
Give up the belief that mind is, even temporarily, compressed within the skull, and you will quickly become more manly or womanly. You will understand yourself and your Maker better than before.
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It is just that the translations have gone wrong.
I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there is not, than live my life as if there is not and die to find out there is.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays. 
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you. 
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
We do not receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.
Mingle a little folly with your wisdom; a little nonsense now and then is pleasant.
Never speak from a place of hate jealousy anger and insecurity. Evaluate your words before you let them leave your lips. Sometimes it is best to be quiet.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: first, by reflection, which is noblest; second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
The most dangerous person is the one who listens, thinks and observes.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Every time you get upset at something, ask yourself if you were to die tomorrow, was it worth wasting your time being angry? We may brave human laws, but we cannot resist natural ones.
Man is never perfect, nor contented.
In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
Nothing is enough for the man to whom enough is too little.
No one can give you better advice than yourself.
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
While there is life, there is hope.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
If you can see the magic in a fairytale, you can face the future.
If money is your hope for independence, you will never have it.
You cannot wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
If you do not stand for something you will fall for anything.
Success is most often achieved by those who do not know that failure is inevitable.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing which you think you cannot do.
There is a crack in everything. that is how the light gets in.
Hope is a waking dream.
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
He does not believe that does not live according to his belief.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Extreme hopes are born from extreme misery.
Only in the darkness can you see the stars.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
Faith is about doing. You are how you act, not just how you believe.
To live without hope is to cease to live.
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul – and sings the tunes without the words – and never stops at all.
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
Hope will never be silent.
There is some good in this world, and it is worth fighting for.
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
What is success?  I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.
The person without a purpose is like a ship without a rudder. 
When the will is ready the feet are light.
It is easier to act yourself into a new way of feeling rather than feel your way into a new way of acting.
Construct your determination with Sustained Effort, Controlled Attention, and Concentrated Energy.  Opportunities never come to those who wait… they are captured by those who dare to attack.
A vow is fixed and unalterable determination to do a thing, when such a determination is related to something noble which can only uplift the man who makes the resolve.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.  The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
No one is wise by birth.  Wisdom results from one’s own efforts.
Tomorrow is the only day in the year that appeals to a lazy man.
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success. 
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. 
Nothing really worth having comes quickly and easily.  If it did, I doubt that we would ever grow.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
Wishes are like seeds – few ever develop into something.
Nothing can withstand the power of the human will if it is willing to stake its very existence to the extent of its purpose.
What may be done at any time will be done at no time.
If you have made mistakes, even serious ones, there is always another chance for you.  What we call failure is not the falling down, but the staying down.
There is not great talent without great will power.
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts.  This is the secret of success.
What you have to do and the way you have to do it is incredibly simple.  Whether you are willing to do it, that’s another matter.
Willingness is essential in any initiation or in making any dream come true.  I can’t often means I won’t.  You can change I won’t to I will with will power.
As long as I have you there is just one other thing I’ll always need — tremendous self control.
People do not lack strength, they lack will.
Gongfu is an ancient Chinese term describing work/devotion/effort that has been successfully applied over a substantial period of time, resulting in a degree of mastery in a specific field.  Although the term is synonymous in the West with martial arts (though it is most over rendered Kung Fu), it is equally applicable to calligraphy, painting, music, or other areas of endeavor.
Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. 
The best day of your life is the one on which you decide your life is your own. No apologies or excuses.  No one to lean on, rely on, or blame.  The gift is yours – it is an amazing journey – and you alone are responsible for the quality of it. This is the day your life really begins.
The obstacles that distract thought are disease, apathy, doubt, carelessness, indolence, dissipation, false vision, failure to attain a firm basis in yoga, and restlessness. 
How like herrings and onions our vices are in the morning after we have committed them.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s the determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal — a commitment to excellence — that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
Self-will so ardent and active that it will break a world to pieces to make a stool to sit on. 
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
Tomorrow is the day when idlers work, and fools reform.
What it boils down to is this – it’s up to you to get hold of you mind, control  it, quiet it.  God does the rest.  And immediately, as Eckhart says, The being ready and the pouring in are all one act.
Will is character in action. 
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
We all have dreams.  But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.
The most important thing about having goals is having one.
Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes.
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
Will power is to the mind like a strong blind man who carries on his shoulders a lame man who can see.
They must change often, who would be constant in happiness.
If your determination is fixed, I do not counsel you to despair.  Few things are impossible to diligence and skill.  Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance.
I long to accomplish great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble.  The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker.
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task.
Willpower is the art of replacing one habit for another.
The greatest waste in the world is the difference between what we are and what we could become.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
A determined soul will do more with a rusty monkey wrench than a loafer will accomplish with all the tools in a machine shop.
The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck.
Men who are resolved to find a way for themselves will always find opportunities enough; and if they do not find them, they will make them.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Awareness by itself is not enough: it must be joined by mastery.  We need gradually to develop a steering ability to keep ourselves from slipping mechanically into this or that sub-personality. Thus we become able to identify with each part of our being as we wish. We can have more choice.  It is the difference between being impotently transported by a roller coaster and, instead, driving a car and being able to choose which way to go and for what purpose to make the journey.
If one does not know to which port he is sailing, no wind is favorable.
We are a product of the choices we make, not the circumstances that we face.
A will finds a way.
Determination that just won't quit — that's what it takes.
The most essential factor is persistence — the determination never to allow your energy or enthusiasm to be dampened by the discouragement that must inevitably come.
Let's ask God to help us to self-control for one who lacks it, lacks his grace.
Let us not be content to wait and see what will happen, but give us the determination to make the right things happen.
What really distinguishes this generation in all countries from earlier generations … is its determination to act, its joy in action, the assurance of being able to change things by one's own efforts.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.
Mind is all that counts.
Goals are discovered, not made.
When you blame others, you give up your power to change.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
You are successful the moment you start moving toward a worthwhile goal.
The secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life, and in elevating them to art.
Never give up, for this is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
A major part of successful living lies in the ability to put first things first. Indeed the reason most major goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
Continuous, unflagging effort, persistence and determination will win.  Let not the man be discouraged who has these.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. What if they are a little course, and you may get your coat soiled or torn? What if you do fail, and get fairly rolled in the dirt once or twice. Up again, you shall never be so afraid of a tumble.
The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.
Don't worry about genius.  Don't worry about being clever.  Trust to hard work, perseverance and determination.  The best motto for a long march is: Don't grumble. Plug on!
Progress in every age results only from the fact that there are some men and women who refuse to believe that what they know to be right cannot be done.
Any significant long-term change requires long-term practice, whether that change has to do with playing the violin or learning to be a more open, loving person.  We all know people who say that they have been permanently changed by experiences of a moment or a day or a weekend.  But when you check it out you'll generally discover that those who ended up permanently changed had spent considerable time preparing for their life-changing experience or had continued diligently practicing the new behavior afterward.
We may think there is  willpower involved, but more likely change is due to want power.  Wanting the new addiction more than the old one.  Wanting the new me in preference to the person I am now. 
Give me a stock clerk with a goal and I'll give you a man who will make history.  Give me a man with no goals and I'll give you a stock clerk.
It seems to me that perfection of means and confusion of goals seems to characterize our age.
Heaven is blessed with perfect rest but the blessing of earth is toil.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
Life is like a game of cards.  The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play is your own will.
Build your life brick upon brick, Live a life of truth, And you will look back on a life of truth. Live a life of fantasy, And you will look back on delusion.
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
Good character is more to be praised than outstanding talent.  Most talents are, to some extent, a gift.  Good character, by contrast, is not given to us.  We have to build it piece by piece-by thought, choice, courage and determination.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they are executed.
Achieving goals by themselves will never make us happy in the long term; it's who we become, as we overcome the obstacles necessary to achieve our goals, that can give us the deepest and most long-lasting sense of fulfillment.
In truth, people can generally make time for what they choose to do; it is not really the time.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
Setbacks add some salt to every sweet success.
If you want to reach a goal, you must 'see the reaching' in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal.
Change is the law of life.  And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Snowflakes are one of nature's most fragile things, but just look at what they can do when they stick together.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Positive anything is better that negative nothing.
One supreme fact which I have discovered is that it is not willpower, but fantasy and imagination that creates.  Imagination is the creative force.  Imagination creates reality. 
The intelligent want self-control; children want candy.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
The world is full of willing people - some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.
Failure? I never encountered it. All I ever met were temporary setbacks.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
My will shall shape my future. Whether I fail or succeed shall be no man's doing but my own. I am the force; I can clear any obstacle before me or I can be lost in the maze. My choice; my responsibility; win or lose, only I hold the key to my destiny.
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures.  Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn… and change.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
You always pass failure on the way to success.
Prudent, cautious self-control, is wisdom's root.
Imagination is the beginning of creation.  You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine, and, at last, you create what you will.
Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud.
Attention is the beginning of devotion.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared to believe that something inside of them was superior to circumstance.
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him.  What he needs is not the discharge of tension at any cost, but the call of a potential meaning waiting to be fulfilled by him.
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance and sweeps away all obstacles.
A thousand mile journey begins with one step.
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently  believe, and upon which we must vigorously act.  There is no other route to success.
We shrink from change; yet is there anything that can come into being without it?
Determination is the wake-up call to the human will.
No problem is insurmountable. With a little courage, teamwork and determination a person can overcome anything.
Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you.
Consider the postage stamp; its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
What's money anyhow? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Like a garden, the room for self-improvement grows each year.
You have a very powerful mind that can make anything happen as long as you keep yourself centered.
The time is always right to do what is right.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
To labor is to pray.
The trouble with resisting temptation is it may never come your way again.
The most important attribute of man as a moral being is the faculty of self-control.
A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
You can have anything you want if you want it desperately enough. You must want it with an inner exuberance that erupts through the skin and joins the energy that created the world. 
You are what your deep, driving desire is. As your deep, driving desire is, so is your will. As your will is, so is your deed. As your deed is, so is your destiny.
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't.  It's that some people are ready to change and others are not. 
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Leaders aren't born they are made.  And they are made just like anything else, through hard work.  And that's the price we have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
A callused palm and dirty fingernails precede a Green Thumb.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
A silly idea is current that good people do not know what temptation means. This is an obvious lie.  Only those who try to resist temptation know how strong it is….  A man who gives in to temptation after five minutes simply does not know what it would have been like an hour later.  That is why bad people, in one sense, know very little about badness.  They have lived a sheltered life by always giving in.
Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is.
Strength is a matter of the made-up mind.
You can clutch the past so tightly to your chest that it leaves your arms too full to embrace the present.
Habit is a cable.  We weave a thread of it each day, and at last we cannot break it.
Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.
Who is fit to govern others?  He who governs himself. You might as well have said: nobody.
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely.
A dictionary is the only place that success comes before work.  Hard work is the price we must pay for success.  I think you can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price.
It seems to me that the term 'free will' is one of the most manipulated and exploited terms. The real explanation of free will is not that you have free will but that your will can eventually make you free, that will can liberate you, that will can release you from slavery.
I bid you conquer in your warfare against your four great enemies, the world, the devil, the flesh, and above all, that obstinate and perverse self-will, unaided by which the other three would be comparatively powerless.
Knowing is not enough, we must apply.  Willing is not enough, we must do.
The principle is competing against yourself.
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure till you know there is no hook beneath it.
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves; otherwise we harden.
A man makes inferiors his superiors by heat; self-control is the rule.
Great minds have purpose. Others have wishes.
Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion.
If passion drives you, let reason hold the reins.
The secret of health both for mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future, or not to anticipate troubles, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
We like slipping, but not falling; our real anxiety is to be tempted enough.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as does labor the body.
There is a charm about the forbidden that makes it unspeakably desirable.
We are what we think.
About the only time losing is more fun than winning is when you're fighting temptation.
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal,and then leap in the dark to our success.
Nothing makes it easier to resist temptation than a proper bringing-up, a sound set of values - and witnesses.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Most people want to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
The past cannot be changed, but the future is still in your power.
Those that only take a nibble here and a nibble there will never attain anything … Those who really want to be yogis must give up, once and for all, this nibbling at things.  Take up one idea.  Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea.
There is no allurement or enticement, actual or imaginary, which a well-disciplined mind may not surmount.  The wish to resist more than half accomplishes the object.
Most people would succeed in small things if they were not troubled with great ambitions.
The longer I live, the more I am certain that the great difference between the great and the insignificant, is energy — invincible determination — a purpose once fixed, and then death or victory. 
I am an idealist. I don't know where I am going, but I am on my way.
The time to begin most things is ten years ago.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity. 
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills.
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over.
When you see a thing clearly in your mind, your creative success mechanism within you takes over and does the job much better than you could do it by conscious effort or willpower. -   Maxwell Maltz
You got to be careful if your don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
Yoga is a light which, once lit, will never dim. The better you practice, the brighter the flame.
To will is to select a goal, determine a course of action that will bring one to that goal, and then hold to that action till the goal is reached. The key is action. -   Michael Hanson
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage coaches ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Success is a state of mind.  If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
You may delay, but time will not.
It is good to have an end to journey toward, but it is the journey that really matters in the end.
Being a warrior is not about the act of fighting, it's about being so prepared to face a challenge and believing so strongly in a cause that you are fighting for that you refuse to quit. -   Richard J. Machowicz
Success is never permanent, and failure is never final.
The best way out is always through.
The cyclone derives its powers from a calm center.  So does a person.
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
An element of abstention, of restraint, must enter into all finer joys.
A man may fulfill the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
The first attribute that characterizes the greater man from the moron is his thicker layer of inhibition.
Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
For every man there exists a bait which he cannot resist swallowing.
Willpower is the strength of mind to carry out one's goals.
If we resist our passions, it is more because of their weakness than because of our strength.
Not using faults does not mean that one does not have them.
It is not the strongest of the species who survive, not the most intelligent, but those who are the most adaptive to change.
Conscience whispers, but interest screams aloud.
A resolute determination is the truest wisdom.
I am, indeed, a king, because I know how to rule myself.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
It's all right letting yourself go, as long as you can get yourself back.
It is in changing that things find purpose.
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
Do not go through life; grow through life.
What makes resisting temptation difficult for many people is they don't want to discourage it completely.
There can be no real freedom without the freedom to fail.
You must admit you have self-control before you can use it.
Each new day beckons you to walk on the road of self-transcendence. We transcend ourselves, we do not compete with others.  We compete only with our previous achievements, and we get joy. Life is nothing but a perpetual possibility.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins - not through strength but by perseverance.
Being out of control is one of the worst feelings in the world, sometimes even worse than pain.  It is its own kind of pain.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
It's a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing.
Not being able to govern events, I govern myself, and apply myself to them, if they will not apply themselves to me.
Strength does not come from physical activity.  It comes from an indomitable will.
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten.  Don't let yourself be lulled into inaction.
If you focus on results, you will never change.  If you focus on change, you will get results.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal.  Not to people or things.
To err is human, to repent divine, to persist devilish.
Self-respect is the root of discipline:  The sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.
Those who flee temptation generally leave a forwarding address.
First say to yourself what you would be, and then do what you have to do.
A man can do all things if he but wills them.
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us.  They are essential to really keep us alive.
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find that the harder I work, the more I have of it.
In order to excel, you must be completely dedicated to your chosen sport. You must also be prepared to work hard and be willing to accept constructive criticism. Without a total 100 percent dedication, you won't be able to do this.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
The most useless are those who never change through the years.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
Nothing stops the man who desires to achieve. Every obstacle is simply a course to develop his achievement muscle.  It's a strengthening of his powers of accomplishment.
All men are tempted.  There is no man that lives that can't be broken down, provided it is the right temptation, put in the right spot.
I have been my own disciple and my own master. And I have been a good disciple but a bad master.
The first, sickness (vyadhi), is a physical obstacle, but the other eight can be considered mental.  These include languor (styana), doubt (samshaya), heedlessness (pramada), sloth (alasya), dissipation (avirati), false vision (bhranti-darshana), nonattainment of yogic states (alabdha-bhumikatva), and instability in these states (anavasthitatva).