Relax. Nothing is under control.
I live by letting things happen.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
You are exactly where you need to be.
Only the hand that erases can write the true thing.
Before enlightenment; chop wood, carry water. After enlightenment; chop wood, carry water.
Who you are is always right.
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness.
The resistance to the unpleasant situation is the root of suffering.
Education breeds confidence. Confidence breeds hope. Hope breeds peace. 
Still your waters.
Rest and be kind, you do not have to prove anything.
If a warrior is not unattached to life and death, he will be of no use whatsoever.
The mind of the beginner is empty, free of the habits of the expert, ready to accept, to doubt, and open to all the possibilities.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
The noble-minded are calm and steady. Little people are forever fussing and fretting.
Empty your mind, be formless. Shapeless, like water. If you put water into a cup, it becomes the cup. You put water into a bottle and it becomes the bottle. You put it in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Now, water can flow or it can crash. Be water, my friend.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present.
Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?
Everything that happens to you is a form of instruction if you pay attention.
I do not mind what happens. That is the essence of inner freedom.
Relax. Nothing is missing.
Where can I find a man who has forgotten words so I can talk with him?
Forget the years, forget distinctions. Leap into the boundless and make it your home.
Life is a balance of holding on and letting go.
When we discover that the truth is already in us, we are all at once our original selves.
When one first seeks the truth, one separates oneself from it.
Peace of mind is that mental condition in which you have accepted the worst.
Do not seek, do not search, do not ask, do not knock, do not demand - relax.
Wherever you are, be there totally.
Life is not as serious as the mind makes it out to be.
And when they played they really played. And when they worked they really worked.
Do not seek the truth, only cease to cherish your opinions.
One loses joy and happiness in the attempt to possess them.
Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun.
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.
Every experience is a lesson. Every loss is a gain.
Let go, or be dragged. 
What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others.
When you realize nothing is lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
In Zen we have no gurus.
Zen is an effort to become alert and awake.
Zen teaches nothing; it merely enables us to wake up and become aware. It does not teach, it points.
Zen in it is essence is the art of seeing into the nature of one's being, and it points the way from bondage to freedom.
The practice of Zen is forgetting the self in the act of uniting with something.
The true purpose [of Zen] is to see things as they are, to observe things as they are, and to let everything go as it goes.
Zen practice is to open up our small mind.
Zen is not a religion. There is no room for a cult. There is no dependence on a teacher. There is only learning how to use your own mind and making it strong.
Zen teaches that if we can open up to the inevitability of our demise, we can begin to transform and lighten up about it.
Zen is a liberation from time. For if we open our eyes and see clearly, it becomes obvious that there is no other time than this instant, and that the past and the future are abstractions without any concrete reality.
Zen is a path of liberation. It liberates you. It is freedom from the first step to the last. You are not required to follow any rules; you are required to find out your own rules and your own life in the light of awareness.
Zen is not some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual everyday routine.
Zen is not an art, it is not a religion. it is a realization. 
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
If you chase two rabbits, you catch none.
Do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment.
To study Buddhism is to study ourselves. To study ourselves is to forget ourselves.
Treat every moment as your last. It is not preparation for something else.
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's mind there are few.
The only Zen you can find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as if nothing is a miracle. The other is as if everything is a miracle.
Give a bowl of rice to a man and you will feed him for a day. Teach him how to grow his own rice and you will save his life.
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
The first and the best victory is to conquer self.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
All know the way, but few actually walk it.
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.
The essence of the Way is detachment.
To seek is to suffer. To seek nothing is bliss.
Not creating delusions is enlightenment.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Words diminish meanings; these words included.
The more you know, the less you need.
Do not be afraid to just sit and watch.
Act without expectation.
Life begins where fear ends.
Be present above all else.
Think with your whole body.
Love all. Serve all. Help ever. Hurt never.
To go beyond is as wrong as to fall short.
Roads were made for journeys not destinations.
Do not curse the darkness, light a candle.
Body and mind dropped off.
Those who seek the easy way do not seek the true way.
Enlightenment is intimacy with all things.
A zen master's life is one continuous mistake.
Now I know what success is: living your truth, sharing it.
I follow four dictates: face it, accept it, deal with it, then let it go.
To live - is that not enough?
Zen has no business with ideas.
Sleep is the best meditation.
Do not seek the truth; just drop your opinions.
This will never come again.
Movement is evil. Being still is good.
Life is a second-by-second miracle.
In the highest level a man has the look of knowing nothing.
Singlemindedness is all-powerful.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, do not adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else.
Truth makes you rise to new heights, no matter where you are.
These mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
It is easy to believe we are each waves and forget we are also the ocean.
Emptiness which is conceptually liable to be mistaken for sheer nothingness is in fact the reservoir of infinite possibilities.
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity.
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.
Even if it seems certain that you will lose, retaliate. Neither wisdom nor technique has a place in this. A real man does not think of victory or defeat. He plunges recklessly towards an irrational death. By doing this, you will awaken from your dreams.
Purity is something that cannot be attained except by piling effort upon effort.
The three elements of creativity are thus: loving, knowing, and doing or heart, mind, and hands or, as Zen Buddhist teaching has it; great faith, great question, and great courage.
You look at where you are going and where you are and it never makes sense, but then you look back at where you have been and a pattern seems to emerge.
There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
As a bee gathering nectar does not harm or disturb the color and fragrance of the flower; so do the wise move through the world.
My daily affairs are quite ordinary; but I am in total harmony with them.
Unhappiness and rain just drift by and are gone, they are visitors.
Have the fearless attitude of a hero and the loving heart of a child.
A man is great not because he has not failed; a man is great because failure has not stopped him.
Confuse them with your silence and amaze them with your actions.
I do not hold on to anything, do not reject anything; nowhere an obstacle or conflict.
We just let it happen… and that is the beauty of this technique.
Just as parents care for their children, you should bear in mind the whole universe.
The mind is like a mad monkey.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
A true Zen saying: "Nothing is what I want".
When I am riding my bicycle I feel like a Buddhist who is happy just to enjoy his mundane existence.
When you have understood this scripture, throw it away. If you cannot understand this scripture, throw it away. I insist on your freedom.
Too lazy to be ambitious, I let the world take care of itself. Ten days' worth of rice in my bag; a bundle of twigs by the fireplace. Why chatter about delusion and enlightenment? Listening to the night rain on my roof, I sit comfortably, with both legs stretched out. 
Craziness is good. Crazy people are happy, free, they have no hindrance. But since you have many attachment, you are only a little crazy. This is not crazy enough. You must become completely crazy. Then you will understand. 
I have lived with several Zen masters - all of them cats.
The menu is not the meal.
Zen is nothing to get excited about.
Do not be too interested in Zen.
We are here to awaken from our illusion of separateness.
The whole moon and the entire sky are reflected in one dewdrop on the grass.
They call it 'peace of mind' but maybe it should be called 'peace from mind.'
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.
it is almost always possible to be honest and positive.
To set up what you like against what you dislike, this is the disease of the mind.
Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is ajar.
Cease from practice based on intellectual understanding, pursuing words, and following after speech.
But as long as you think you are practicing zazen for the sake of something, that is not true practice.
Many have died; you also will die. The drum of death is being beaten. The world has fallen in love with a dream. Only sayings of the wise will remain. Kabir
The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence.
Pursue not the outer entanglements; dwell not in the inner void; be serene in the oneness of things; and dualism vanishes by itself.
Matters of great concern should be treated lightly. Matters of small concern should be treated seriously.
One thing, all things: move among and intermingle, without distinction. To live in this realization is to be without anxiety about non-perfection. To live in this faith is the road to non-duality, because the non-dual is one with the trusting mind.
There is a crack in everything, that is how the light gets in.
Why do you so earnestly seek the truth in distant places? Look for delusion and truth in the bottom of your own heart.
The thief left it behind: the moon at my window.
We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want.
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.
For things to reveal themselves to us, we need to be ready to abandon our views about them.
One has not understood until one has forgotten it.
Wise men do not judge - they seek to understand.
To be truly ignorant, be content with your own knowledge.
A great man is hard on himself; a small man is hard on others.
it is beautiful to be alone. To be alone does not mean to be lonely. It means the mind is not influenced and contaminated by society.
When you understand one thing through and through, you understand everything. When you try to understand everything, you will not understand anything. Shunryu Suzuki
When we start to feel anxious or depressed, instead of asking, "What do I need to get to be happy?" The question becomes, "What am I doing to disturb the inner peace that I already have?".
If you want something then you lose everything. If you do not want anything then you already have everything.
To say one is revolutionary is a little like saying one is a Zen Buddhist - if you say you are, you probably are not.
When you catch yourself slipping into a pool of negativity, notice how it derives from nothing other than resistance to the current situation.
The foolish reject what they see, not what they think; the wise reject what they think, not what they see.
A wise man speaks because he has something to say; a fool because he has to say something.
Knowledge is learning something everyday. Wisdom is letting go of something everyday.
Do not be satisfied with your accomplishment, nor be dissatisfied with it.
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life.
A fool sees himself as another, but a wise man sees others as himself.
Prefer to be defeated in the presence of the wise than to excel among fools.
One must be deeply aware of the impermanence of the world.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
The greatest effort is not concerned with results.
Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except your self.
Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that is exactly the way we want it to be.
If you are unable to find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?
To be in harmony with the wholeness of things is not to have anxiety over imperfections.
Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath.
Here it is - right now. Start thinking about it and you miss it.
Children are natural Zen masters; their world is brand new in each and every moment.
Happiness only comes when you let go of who you think you are. If you think you are wealthy and powerful and noble and truthful or horrible and demonic, whatever it may be, it is all a waste of time.
All I can guarantee you is that as long as you are searching for happiness, you will remain unhappy.
Letting go takes a lot of courage sometimes. But once you let go, happiness comes very quickly. You will not have to go around search for it.
Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness. If, in our heart, we still cling to anything - anger, anxiety, or possessions - we cannot be free.
There is surely nothing other than the single purpose of the present moment. A man's whole life is a succession of moment after moment. There will be nothing else to do, and nothing else to pursue. Live being true to the single purpose of the moment.
Be true to the thought of the moment and avoid distraction. Other than continuing to exert yourself, enter into nothing else, but go to the extent of living single thought by single thought.
If we are always demanding something out of life, then we will never be content. But if we accept life as it is, then we will know contentment.
Flow with whatever may happen, and let your mind be free: Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
Your life is your practice. Your spiritual practice does not occur someplace other than in your life right now, and your life is nowhere other than where you are. Karen Maezen Miller
Live the life in front of you, be the life you are, and see what you find out for yourself.
People of this world are deluded. they are always longing for something - always, in a word, seeking.
When you bow, you should just bow; when you sit, you should just sit; when you eat, you should just eat.
When there is no gaining idea in what you do, then you do something.
So if you do something, you should be observant, and careful, and alert.
Where you stand, where you are, that is what your life is right there, regardless of how painful it is or how enjoyable it is. that is what it is.
I am not devaluing thoughts. Just do not mix up what we think with what actually is.
Nothing has ever existed except this moment. that is all there is. that is all we are. Yet most human beings spend 50 to 90 percent or more of their time in their imagination, living in fantasy. We think about what has happened to us, what might have happened, how we feel about it, how we should be different, how others should be different, how it is all a shame, and on and on.
There is one thing in life that you can always rely on: life being as it is.
Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath.
To see things for what they are is to see with the eyes of the vastness itself.
When reading, only read. When eating, only eat. When thinking, only think.
When we do not expect anything we can be ourselves.
Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it.
If nothing within you stays rigid, outward things will disclose themselves.
Detachment is necessary for peace, and peace is necessary for happiness.
The phrase that I use the most to myself in my head is one word: accept.
If you cry because the sun has gone out of your life, your tears will prevent you from seeing the stars.
Letting go is the lesson. Letting go is always the lesson. Have you ever noticed how much of our agony is all tied up with craving and loss?
It is a timeless spiritual truth: release attachment to outcomes, deep inside yourself, you will feel good no matter what.
If you want to travel the Way of Buddhas and Zen masters, then expect nothing, seek nothing, and grasp nothing.
To escape from the world means that one's mind is not concerned with the opinions of the world.
Lose yourself in nothing to become everything; Relax into an infinite deep sea of coherent energy; Keep unfolding deeper and deeper into oneness; Continuously let go of control; Feel greater and greater degrees of wholeness.
Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get. Life should be touched, not strangled. You've got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it.
Once you stop clinging and let things be, you will be free, even of birth and death. You'll transform everything.
You are here to learn something. Do not try to figure out what it is. This can be frustrating and unproductive.
Obey the nature of things (your own nature), and you will walk freely and undisturbed.
Do not become caught in the teaching. You must be able to let it go.
Just let things be in their own way and there will be neither coming nor going.
Drop the craving for self, for permanence, for particular circumstances, and go straight ahead with the movement of life.
With no set idea of how something is supposed to be, it is hard to get stuck on things not happening in the time frame you desired. Instead, you are just being there, open to the possibilities of your life.
Let go. Let Be. See through everything and be free, complete, luminous, at home — at ease.
The true purpose is to see things as they are, to observe things as they are, and to let everything go as it goes.
Our way is not to sit to acquire something; it is to express our true nature. That is our practice.
Do not be trapped by the need to achieve anything. This way, you achieve everything.
Think of patience as an act of being open to whatever comes your way.
A Buddha is an idle person. He does not run around after fortune and fame. 
Life is a balance between rest and movement.
Next to love, balance is the most important thing.
A warrior balances solitude and dependence.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
He who loves with purity considers not the gift of the lover, but the love of the giver.
Balance is the perfect state of still water. Let that be our model. It remains quiet within and is not disturbed on the surface.
Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole nature in its beauty. Nobody is able to achieve this completely but striving for such achievement is, in itself, a part of the liberation and a foundation for inner security.
It is a wretched thing that the young men of today are so contriving and so proud of their material possessions. Men with contriving hearts are lacking in duty. Lacking in duty, they will have no self-respect.
He who is self-conceited has no superiority allowed to him.
The most transformative experience has been the simple act of loving myself.
Have good trust in yourself, not in the One that you think you should be, but in the One that you are.
Being attached to someone is not about the other person. It is about your own sense of inadequacy.
Any love is a home-sickness, a longing for a lost paradise.
A man walking is never in balance but always correcting for imbalance.
Life is a balance between rest and movement.
The more we value things, the less we value ourselves.
Love is the absence of judgment.
Since we desire the true happiness that is brought about by a calm mind, and such peace of mind arises only from having a compassionate attitude, we need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion.
The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
When asked "Who I Am', the only answer possible is: I am the infinite, the vastness that is the substance of all things. I am no one and everyone, nothing and everything - just as you are. 
When we have our body and mind in order, everything else will exist in the right place, in the right way.
More important than any stage which you will attain is your sincerity, your right effort.
In deep self acceptance, grows a compassionate understanding.
There is not secret to balance. You just have to feel the waves.
Your treasure house is in yourself, it contains all you need.
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable. 
The mind: A beautiful servant, a dangerous master.
Keep it simple and focus on what matters. Do not let yourself be overwhelmed.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Peace of mind produces right values, right values produce right thoughts. Right thoughts produce right actions.
As you become more and more deeply rooted in witnessing, thoughts start disappearing. You are, but the mind is utterly empty.
You must only concentrate on the next step, the next breath, the next stroke of the broom, and the next, and the next. Nothing else.
Keep your heart clear and transparent, and you will never be bound. A single disturbed thought creates ten thousand distractions.
Not thinking about anything is Zen. Once you know this, walking, sitting, or lying down, everything you do is Zen.
The mind is the root from which all things grow. If you can understand the mind, everything else is included.
Not till your thoughts cease all their branching here and there, not till you abandon all thoughts of seeking for something, not till your mind is motionless as wood or stone, will you be on the right road to the Gate.
The things I carry are my thoughts. that is it. They are the only weight. My thoughts determine whether I am free and light or burdened.
You are, after all, what you think. Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Distraction is the main problem for us all - what the Buddha called the monkey mind. We need to tame this monkey mind.
The word 'innocence' means a mind that is incapable of being hurt.
If your mind is empty, it is always ready for anything; it is open to everything.
Not till your thoughts cease all their branching here and there, not till you abandon all thoughts of seeking for something, not till your mind is motionless as wood or stone, will you be on the right road to the Gate. 
True depth of understanding is wide and steady. Shallow understanding is lazy and wandering.
It is only with total humility, and in absolute stillness of mind that we can know what indeed we are.
If moment by moment you can keep your mind clear then nothing will confuse you.
A mind that worries about the past is distracted, and a mind that worries about the future is delusional.
Technical knowledge is not enough. One must transcend techniques so that the art becomes an artless art, growing out of the unconscious.
Buddha means awareness, the awareness of body and mind that prevents evil from arising in either.
When thought is in bondage the truth is hidden, for everything is murky and unclear, and the burdensome practice of judging brings annoyance and weariness. What benefit can be derived from distinctions and separations?
The struggle of what one likes and what one dislikes is the disease of the mind.
What pleases our mind is not dangerous enough.
Within our impure mind the pure one is to be found.
Nothing divides one so much as thought. 
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
The memory of everything is very soon overwhelmed in time.
Time is the fire in which we burn.
Our opinions have no permanence; like autumn and winter, they gradually pass away.
Everything that has a beginning has an ending. Make your peace with that and all will be well.
The more a thing tends to be permanent, the more it tends to be lifeless.
See and realize that this world is not permanent. Neither late nor early flowers will remain.
Every day passes whether you participate or not.
Unless we die to ourselves, we can never be alive again.
We are in such a hurry most of the time we never get much chance to talk. The result is a kind of endless day-to-day shallowness, a monotony that leaves a person wondering years later where all the time went and sorry that it is all gone.
When we realize the everlasting truth of "everything changes" and find our composure in it, we find ourselves in Nirvana.
Time's the king of men; he is both their parent, and he is their grave, and gives them what he will, not what they crave.
Time is the coin of life. Only you can determine how it will be spent.
Awareness is the greatest agent for change.
Whether we like it or not, change comes, and the greater the resistance, the greater the pain.
Do not waste your time chasing butterflies. Mend your garden, and the butterflies will come.
There is only one thing in life which never changes, and it is change.
Open your arms to change, but do not let go of your values.
We teach ourselves; Zen merely points the way.
Reality is created by the mind, we can change our reality by changing our mind.
The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth.
In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrow - and that is likely to hurt.
Realisation is a matter of becoming conscious of that which is already realized.
Unless it grows out of yourself no knowledge is really yours, it is only borrowed plumage.
The Truth is realized in an instant; the Act is practiced step by step.
But opinions, judgments, memories, dreaming about the future—ninety percent of the thoughts spinning around in our heads have no essential reality.
If you forget yourself, you become the universe.
No word matters. But man forgets reality and remembers words.
Not knowing how near the truth is, we seek it far away.
It is easier for the world to accept a simple lie than a complex truth.
The way of Zen is to become independent and strong. Do not rely on others for perceptions of life and truth. Do it individually.
Truth is not far away. It is nearer than near. There is no need to attain it, since not one of your steps leads away from it.
The Great Way is not difficult for those who have no preferences. When love and hate are both absent everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the smallest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth then hold no opinion for or against.
If you are under control, you lose the danger of glimpsing an unknown realm.
If you use your mind to study reality, you will not understand either your mind or reality. If you study reality without using your mind, you will understand both.
The farther away you are from the truth, the more the hateful and pleasurable states will arise.
The ultimate Truth is beyond words. Doctrines are words. they are not the Way.
Reality has no inside, outside, or middle part.
The more you talk and think about it, the further astray you wander from the truth. Stop talking and thinking and there is nothing you will not be able to know.
I feel cut off only because I am split within myself, because I try to be divided from my own feelings and sensations. What I feel and sense therefore seems foreign to me. And on being aware of the unreality of this division, the universe does not seem foreign any more.
A mind full of preconceived ideas, subjective intentions, or habits is not open to things as they are.
Do not seek for the truth, only stop having an opinion.
If you cannot find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
When there is no desire, all things are at peace.
Countless words count less than the silent balance between yin and yang.
Taoism is a way of liberation, which never comes by means of revolution, since it is notorious that most revolutions establish worse tyrannies than they destroy. Alan Watts
You should rather be grateful for the weeds, because eventually they will enrich your practice.
You must let what happens happen. Everything must be equal in your eyes, good and evil, beautiful and ugly, foolish and wise.
Taoism is the profoundest nonconformism that has ever been evolved anywhere in the world, at any time in history; essentially it is rebellion.
Taoism has no rules. it is a suggestion for perceiving life in its wholeness, without unnecessary categorization, yet enjoying the beauty of categorization.
Taoism is the gentle way. The path of least resistance.
Taoism is the way of water. The most frequent element or symbol referred to in Lao Tzu's writings is the symbol of water.
Taoism is simply the complete acceptance of yourself as you are right in this moment.
Accept everything just the way it is.
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world.
The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.
If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.
He who is in harmony with the Tao is like a newborn child. Its bones are soft, its muscles are weak, but its grip is powerful.
To have some deep feeling about Buddhism is not the point; we just do what we should do, like eating supper and going to bed. This is Buddhism.
Patience from a Buddhist perspective is not a "wait and see" attitude, but rather one of "just be there". 
Buddhism teaches that joy and happiness arise from letting go. Please sit down and take an inventory of your life. There are things you have been hanging on to that really are not useful and deprive you of your freedom. Find the courage to let them go.
Buddhism may be summed up in two phrases: "Let go!" and "Walk on!".
Suffering is when we resist the moment.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
Attack the evil that is within yourself, rather than attacking the evil that is in others.
We are not disturbed by what happens to us, but by our thoughts about what happens to us.
Life and death are of supreme importance. Time swiftly passes by and opportunity is lost. Each of us should strive to awaken. Awaken! Take heed, do not squander your life.
Breath by breath, let go of fear, expectation, anger, regret, cravings, frustration, fatigue. Let go of the need for approval. Let go of old judgments and opinions. Die to all that, and fly free. Soar in the freedom of desirelessness. Lama Surya Das
Any effort that has self-glorification as its final endpoint is bound to end in disaster.
Anger, ego, jealousy are the biggest diseases. Keep yourself aloof from these three diseases.
The saint is a man who disciplines his ego. The sage is a man who rids himself of his ego.
The more you suffer the deeper grows your character, and with the deepening of your character you read the more penetratingly into the secrets of life. All great artists, all great religious leaders, and all great social reformers have come out of the intensest struggles which they fought bravely, quite frequently in tears and with bleeding hearts.
Unless we agree to suffer we cannot be free from suffering.
Guilt, regret, resentment, sadness and all forms of nonforgiveness are caused by too much past and not enough presence.
The trying to do something is in itself enlightenment. When we are in difficulty or distress, there we have enlightenment.
When another person makes you suffer, it is because he suffers deeply within himself, and his suffering is spilling over. He does not need punishment; he needs help. that is the message he is sending.
Nirvana means to extinguish the burning fires of the Three Poisons: greed, anger, and ignorance. This can be accomplished by letting go of dissatisfaction.
Life always gives us exactly the teacher we need at every moment. This includes every mosquito, every misfortune, every red light, every traffic jam, every obnoxious supervisor (or employee), every illness, every loss, every moment of joy or depression, every addiction, every piece of garbage, every breath. Every moment is the guru.
We have to face the pain we have been running from. In fact, we need to learn to rest in it and let its searing power transform us.
Do not permit the events of your daily lives to bind you, but never withdraw yourselves from them. Only by acting thus can you earn the title of 'A Liberated One'.
The ignorant mind, with its infinite afflictions, passions, and evils, is rooted in the three poisons. Greed, anger, and delusion.
Those who do not know how to suffer are the worst off. There are times when the only correct thing we can do is to bear out troubles until a better day.
If you have not wept deeply, you have not begun to meditate.
An outside enemy exists only if there is anger inside.
Hating someone makes them important. Forgiving them makes them obsolete.
Pain does not last. And when it is gone, we have something to show for it. Growth.
Why seek a doctrine? As soon as you have a doctrine, you fall into dualistic thought.
Your body and mind are the field. Suffering is the seed, wisdom the sprout, and buddhahood the grain.
A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad.
I have not learned how to confront a problem by avoiding it.
Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.
Trees are like people. They all have a few flaws in them.
You are the sky. Everything else - it is just the weather.
A lily or a rose never pretends, and its beauty is that it is what it is.
Sitting quietly, doing nothing, Spring comes, and the grass grows, by itself.
If you become restless, speed up. If you become winded, slow down. You climb the mountain in an equilibrium between restlessness and exhaustion.
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day. 
The moon does not fight. It attacks no one. It does not worry. It does not try to crush others. It keeps to its course, but by its very nature, it gently influences. What other body could pull an entire ocean from shore to shore? The moon is faithful to its nature and its power is never diminished.
A finger points at the moon, but the moon is not at the tip of the finger. Words points at the truth, but the truth is not in words.
A flower does not think of competing with the flower next to it. It just blooms.
The ultimate goal of farming is not the growing of crops, but the cultivation and perfection of human beings.
Clear mind is like the full moon in the sky. Sometimes clouds come and cover it, but the moon is always behind them. Clouds go away, then the moon shines brightly. So do not worry about clear mind: it is always there. When thinking comes, behind it is clear mind. When thinking goes, there is only clear mind. Thinking comes and goes, comes and goes, You must not be attached to the coming or the going.
The waters are in motion, but the moon retains its serenity.
When fishermen cannot go to sea, they repair nets.
Three things cannot long be hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it.
Zen is a quiet thing. It listens.
Awareness allows us get outside of your mind and observe it in action.
Those who seek the truth by means of intellect and learning only get further and further away from it.
It is simply sitting silently, witnessing the thoughts, passing before you. Just witnessing, not interfering not even judging, because the moment you judge you have lost the pure witness.
Not being tense but ready. Not thinking but not dreaming. Not being set but flexible. Liberation from the uneasy sense of confinement. It is being wholly and quietly alive, aware and alert, ready for whatever may come. Bruce Lee
Silence is the language of Om. We need silence to be able to reach our Self. Both internal and external silence is very important to feel the presence of that supreme Love.
If you would spend all your time - walking, standing, sitting or lying down - learning to halt the concept-forming activities of your own mind, you could be sure of ultimately attaining the goal.
Be soft in your practice. Think of the method as a fine silvery stream, not a raging waterfall.
Meditation is a secular practice, not a religious practice.
There is only the one reality, neither to be realized nor attained.
There is no beginning to practice nor end to enlightenment; There is no beginning to enlightenment nor end to practice.
For the beginner, practice without effort is not true practice.
It will take quite a long time before you find your calm, serene mind in your practice.
It is when your practice is rather greedy that you become discouraged with it.
Follow the stream, have faith in its course. It will go on its own way, meandering here, trickling there. It will find the grooves, the cracks, the crevices. Just follow it. Never let it out of your sight. It will take you.
As long as we remain within the confines of the thinking mind, we cannot experience the state of non-thinking. If we cannot experience non-thinking, we will not understand what our life truly is. Please realize this for yourself! Just sit.
Enlightenment is not something you achieve. It is the absence of something. All your life you have been going forward after something, pursuing some goal. Enlightenment is dropping all that.
Those who worship do not know, and those who know do not worship.
An Awakened person is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad.
In contemplation, one's mind should be stable and unmoving, like a wall.
Even to be attached to the idea of enlightenment is to go astray.
The obstacle is the path.
Move and the way will open.
Be master of mind rather than mastered by mind.
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear.
You should sit and meditate for 20 minutes, unless you are too busy, then you should sit and meditate or an hour.
To follow the path, look to the master, follow the master, walk with the master, see through the master, become the master.
The wise adapt themselves to circumstances, as water molds itself to the pitcher.
Only when you can be extremely pliable and soft can you be extremely hard and strong.
Man stands in his own shadow and wonders why it is dark.
When walking, walk. When eating, eat.
No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place.
When you reach the top of the mountain, keep climbing.
To live is enough.
Calmness in activity is true calmness.
When you do something, you should do it with your whole body and mind; you should be concentrated on what you do. You should do it completely, like a good bonfire.
You should not be a smoky fire. You should burn yourself completely. If you do not burn yourself completely, a trace of yourself will be left in what you do.
Emotionally we have many problems, but these problems are not actual problems; they are something created; they are problems pointed out by our self-centered ideas or views.
Zen is not some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual everyday routine.
What we call "I" is just a swinging door which moves when we inhale and when we exhale.
We do not exist for the sake of something else. We exist for the sake of ourselves.
We should not hoard knowledge; we should be free from our knowledge.
The goal of practice is always to keep our beginner's mind.
Sincerity itself is the railroad track.
When something dies is the greatest teaching.
When thoughts arise, then do all things arise. When thoughts vanish, then do all things vanish. 